Titolo: 1979 Revolution: Black Friday

Anno: 2016

Descrizione: 1979 Revolution: Black Friday is an adventure interactive drama video game developed and published by iNK Stories, with assistance from by N-Fusion Interactive. It was released in April 2016 for Microsoft Windows and macOS, in June 2016 for iOS devices, and in December 2016 for Android devices; the game was released in July 2018 for PlayStation 4, and August 2018 for Nintendo Switch and Xbox One. The player controls Reza Shirazi, an aspiring photojournalist, who returns to Iran amidst the Iranian Revolution. As he becomes more involved in the events of the Revolution, Reza is forced to make decisions in order to survive. The player make timed responses throughout the game, determining the outcome of the plot. They are tasked with taking in-game photographs of their surroundings, and given historical background of the events.
The game was in development for four years, and was created to combine elements from video games and documentaries with an engaging narrative. Game director Navid Khonsari, who was a child in Iran at the time of the Revolution, developed the game with the intention of making the player understand the moral ambiguity of the situation. The development team conducted extensive research for the game, interviewing historical scholars and Iranians who lived in Tehran during the Revolution, as well as gathering numerous archival photos and historical speeches. The game's performances were recorded using motion capture, and each of the characters was developed with ambiguous attitudes and morals.
At release, 1979 Revolution was well received by critics, with praise particularly directed at the narrative, characters and performances, and historical representations, though some criticism was directed at the quick-time sequences and visual quality. The game was also criticized by an Iranian journalist who declared it as propaganda. Khonsari felt afraid to reenter Iran as a result, and other members of the development team adopted aliases for protection. The game was nominated for multiple year-end accolades from several gaming publications.