Titolo: American Hero (video game)

Anno: 1995

Descrizione: American Hero is an unreleased adult-oriented interactive movie video game that was in development by Inter-Active Productions and planned to be published by Atari Corporation for the Atari Jaguar CD and PC. It was one of the planned titles that would have made use of the GameFilm, a then-newly developed in-house interactive movie format conceived by former Atari Corp. employee David Schwartz during his time at the company that was first used in Caves of Fear, which served as technology demonstration of the format. In addition to being produced and designed by Schwartz, American Hero starred several Hollywood actors such as Timothy Bottoms, Gustav Vintas, Daniel Roebuck and Musetta Vander.
In the game, players take the role of former military intelligence operative Jack Devon, tasked by his ex-partner Hoover with finding a missing biologist (and former crush), Laura, who developed an antidote to a deadly virus created by germ warfare specialist Karl Von Kruger. Kruger had already begun spreading the virus through Los Angeles' water supply network in order to take control of the United States, and Jack was assigned to stop Kruger before his chemical weapon managed to be spread nationwide. 
Despite the film being completed, American Hero was never turned into a full-fledge GameFilm and due to the commercial failure of the Atari Jaguar platform, the project was cancelled and left unreleased as a result. A year later, director Jeff Burr shot new footage in order to remake the project into a more linear movie version, however the negatives were damaged during the cutting process and was deemed to be a loss, leaving the planned feature film version unreleased as well.Playable prototype builds for both the Jaguar CD and PC, as well as the source code of American Hero, have since been released and sold online by independent groups such as B&C Computervisions and the defunct Jaguar Sector II website, among others. It has also been showcased across fan festivals dedicated to the system such as JagFest UK. An official PC version restored and remastered featuring a newly recorded voiceover by Timothy Bottoms was released digitally in 2021 on GOG.com, developed by Empty Clip Studios and published by Ziggurat Interactive.

