Titolo: Animation Throwdown: The Quest for Cards

Anno: 2016

Descrizione: Animation Throwdown: The Quest For Cards, also referred to as simply Animation Throwdown, is a free-to-play online collectible card game that combines content and characters from the American animated television shows Family Guy, Futurama, American Dad!, Bob's Burgers, and King of the Hill. The game is available for Android, iOS, Steam, Kartridge and on the web via Kongregate; all platforms share the same instance and players may use more than one platform to play the same account.
Turn-based gameplay consists of playing cards drawn from a virtual deck into the player's hand onto a tableau to fight against an AI playing cards from its own deck; depending on game mode the AI's deck may be system-generated or may belong to another player. Cards attack the card directly across from them and, if unopposed, attack the opponent's "hero" tower; the battle is won when the opponent's hero is defeated.  A main tactic of card play is to play a character card and object card into the same slot to fuse into a more powerful combination ("combo") that the player has previously learned. Cards are primarily images taken from one show, though some of the lowest-level cards are generic, such as "Alcohol", "Baseball", and "Music".  Cards are played against a backdrop of a building or place from one of the shows.
New players begin the game with a low level starter hero, choosing one of Bob Belcher, Roger, Brian Griffin, Turanga Leela and Bobby Hill, and are provided with a collection of starter cards. Game play primarily focuses on earning resources to improve cards and obtain better cards, and to level up heroes and gain access to more powerful heroes; monetization primarily revolves around speeding up access to these improvements and providing access to premium content cards and heroes.  Like MMORPGs there is no "win" condition; players who have completed all episodic content generally continue to upgrade their decks to remain competitive with each other. The game was rated Teen on Google Play and similarly on other platforms; the game contains some mature content such as drinking, infrequent drug use, cartoon violence, and sexual innuendos.