Titolo: Assassin's Creed Unity

Anno: 2014

Descrizione: Assassin's Creed Unity is an action-adventure video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It was released in November 2014 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One, and in December 2020 for Stadia. It is the eighth major installment in the Assassin's Creed series, and the successor to 2013's Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag. It also has ties to Assassin's Creed Rogue, which was released for the previous generation consoles on the same day as Unity.
The plot is set in a fictional history of real-world events and follows the millennia-old struggle between the Assassins, who fight to preserve peace and free will, and the Templars, who desire peace through control. The framing story is set in the 21st century and features an unidentified and unseen protagonist, who joins the Assassins as an initiate to help them locate the corpse of an 18th century Templar Grand Master. The main story is set in Paris during the French Revolution from 1789 to 1794, and follows Assassin Arno Dorian and his efforts to expose the true powers behind the Revolution, while seeking revenge against those responsible for his adoptive father's murder. Unity retains the series' third-person open world exploration as well as introducing a revamped combat, parkour, and stealth systems. The game also introduces cooperative multiplayer to the Assassin's Creed series, letting up to four players engage in narrative-driven missions and explore the open world map.
Assassin's Creed Unity received mixed reviews upon release. It was praised for its visuals, customization options, setting, and characterization. Critics were more polarized on its narrative, mission design, multiplayer-oriented format, and gameplay, with the latter in particular complimented for its improvements, but criticized for a lack of innovation and for feeling unrefined. The game was also widely panned for its numerous graphical issues and bugs, prompting Ubisoft to issue an apology and offer compensation in the form of a free story expansion, Dead Kings, set after the events of the main campaign. Those who had already bought the game's season pass (which was subsequently made unavailable for purchase in response to the controversy) received, on top of the content included, a free copy of another Ubisoft title of their choice.
In the years since Unity's release, after most of the technical issues were resolved, the game has undergone positive critical re-evaluations, and is retrospectively considered to be an underrated and under-appreciated title in the Assassin's Creed series. Despite the initial critical backlash, the game was a favorable commercial success, selling over 10 million copies worldwide, and saw a resurgence in sales in the early 2020s. Unity was followed in October 2015 by Assassin's Creed Syndicate, which continues the modern-day narrative, but has its main plot set in Victorian era London.