Titolo: Blacklight: Retribution

Anno: 2012

Descrizione: Blacklight: Retribution is a free-to-play cyberpunk-themed first-person shooter video game It was developed and published by Hardsuit Labs (formerly Zombie Studios) for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation 4. It was initially published by Perfect World Entertainment on April 3, 2012, with a full Steam release on July 2, 2012. A PS4 version was released as a launch title in North America on November 15, 2013, followed by Europe on December 4, 2013.
The sequel to Blacklight: Tango Down, the game is a cyberpunk-themed, arena style shooter that features a number of game modes, including a training mode and others commonly found in games of the same genre. Unique mechanics include weapon depots, which are used to acquire health, ammo, and special weapons, and the Hyper Reality Visor (HRV), which allows players to locate hazards through walls and other obstacles. Completing matches rewards the player with experience and GP, the latter of which can be used to buy additional weapons, armor, and cosmetic items, including skins and tags. Additional game modes were added after its release, including OnSlaught (a zombies game mode) and Siege Mode (payload-like Game Mode).
Blacklight: Retribution saw numerous additions and power shifts throughout its development. Following Zombie Studios closure in 2015, the remaining team regrouped as Hardsuit Labs, who oversaw development from that point forward. In 2017, Perfect World reverted publishing rights to Hardsuit Labs, who subsequently introduced several new changes, including the migration of US and EU servers.
Blacklight: Retribution received positive reviews from critics, with some calling it an improvement over its predecessor. Praise was directed towards its graphics, mechanics, item balance, and deep customization, while criticism was directed towards its lack of innovation. The game proved popular, achieving one million players within a month of its release.
The PC version was discontinued on March 11, 2019 following low user engagement, but remains active for PS4. There are no dedicated servers available on the PS4 version. The servers are P2P (Peer-to-Peer), which allows PS4 players to host public lobbies, thus enabling other players to join via the "quick join" or "play game" menu options. Furthermore, private lobbies can also be hosted, and the host can invite users from their in game friends list which is linked to the PlayStation network friends list. Private matches are different from public matches, as they allow users to fully customise the match experience. This includes being able to use the "custom playlist" feature, allowing players to change the type of game mode and selection of maps. The private matchmaking menu also allows the customisation of the time limit, goal score multiplier, health multiplier, CP multiplier, starting CP, and CP cap are all customisable. (CP is the currency in matches, which is gained by defeating enemies and used to purchase items for tactical advantage) There is also a "mutator" feature, which allows players to customise gameplay elements. For example, enabling and disabling depots, stock armor and weapons, elemental ammo, primary and secondary weapons and much more.