Titolo: Crysis 3

Anno: 2013

Descrizione: Crysis 3 is a 2013 first-person shooter video game developed by Crytek and published by Electronic Arts. It is the third game of the Crysis series, a sequel to the 2011 video game Crysis 2. The multiplayer portion of the game was developed by Crytek UK. Crysis 3's story revolves around Prophet, a Nanosuit holder who is on a quest to take revenge on the Alpha Ceph, the leader of the Ceph alien race. The game's story serves as the end of the Crysis trilogy. Gameplay revolves around the use of the Nanosuit, which grants players a variety of abilities such as being invisible. New features introduced in Crysis 3 include a new Nanosuit ability called "Rip & Throw", a compound bow and hacking, which allows players to hack into enemies' equipment, drones, and security defenses.
The game is set in a post-apocalyptic New York City, in an effort to merge the urban landscape of Crysis 2 and the forest setting of the original Crysis. The game introduces the "Seven Wonders", with each wonder having its own unique landscape and tactical layout. Due to complaints about Crysis 2's linearity, the game's levels were opened up so as to grant players more freedom. The development team also put efforts into creating a more emotional story, and the story's protagonist was inspired by the lead character of District 9. The game was developed by a team of 100 people during its 23-month development cycle. Crytek UK developed the game's multiplayer portion.
Officially announced in April 2012, the game was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 in February 2013. A Wii U port was in development, but was canned because of relation troubles  between Nintendo and EA. The game received positive reviews upon release. Praise was directed at the weapon selection and customization, menus, visuals and multiplayer, while it was criticized for its story, level design, length, and outdated mechanics in comparison to its predecessors. With a budget of $66 million, the game sold 205,000 copies in its debut month, and became a commercial failure for Electronic Arts. The game was later included in The Crysis Trilogy, a bundle released in February 2014. A remastered version, following in the steps of Crysis Remastered, was released in 2021 for the Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. A sequel is currently in development.