Titolo: Dekitate High School

Anno: 1995

Descrizione: Dekitate High School (できたてハイスクール) is a Super Famicom video game that was released to an exclusively Japanese market in 1995 and was considered to be the first "high school simulation" video game to be released for the Super Famicom. Famed Japanese illustrator Nishiki Yoshimune would draw the cover art for the game, while the actual character design was done by the in-house staff at C-Lab.

The game involves going through a day of high school in Japan as a teacher while managing a star pupil to good grades and popularity. Players can even build their own high schools for the purpose of gameplay, making this game similar to SimCity. A massive amount of yen is given at the start; so players can assign all the classes and even create yards of grass for students to loiter in between classes. Socializing with an assigned student will be more than just teaching her kanji and arithmetic lessons. Menus and multiple choices are used to get through the game with a first-person perspective.There is even a track and field mini-game that is essentially button mashing. Players can only make a girls' high school; there is no way to make a unisex school or a boys' school. There is a limitation of four floors for a customized high school; considering that the largest high school in Tokyo has four student-accessible floors. Disasters like earthquakes or floods have to be fixed up or else the success rate of the students will become significantly reduced (along with the tuition money received from them). However, but most of the problems can be solved inexpensively.Players can choose to have their own as the name of the playable female student character, that they must teach from admission to graduation (exactly three in-game years). There are 18 different endings to this game; ranging from game over to the best ending. Up to two save files can be created for this game and character voices are absent along with a mode to access the game's music. An option to fully skip the in-game text is available at all times.

