Titolo: Den-noh Coil

Anno: 2012

Descrizione: Coil - A Circle of Children, known in Japan as Den-noh Coil (電脳コイル, Dennō Koiru, lit. Cyber Coil) is a Japanese science fiction anime television series created, directed and written by Mitsuo Iso. The series was a project he had been working on for over a decade and his directorial debut.
It aired 26 episodes from May 12, 2007 to December 1, 2007 on NHK Educational TV.Based on the anime, the novelization by Yuko Miyamura, one of the scriptwriters for the anime, and the manga by manga artist Mizuki Kuze were released.
The PC browser game Den-noh Coil: Hōkago Tantei Kyoku (電脳コイル 放課後探偵局, lit. Den-noh Coil: After School Detective Agency), by GameOn was available from January 25, 2012 to July 12, 2013.
Den-noh Coil is an anime about children growing up in the near future, when semi-immersive augmented reality (AR) technology has just begun to enter the mainstream.
The series takes place in the fictional city of Daikoku, a hotbed of AR development with an emerging citywide virtual infrastructure. 
It follows a group of children as they use AR glasses to unravel the mysteries of the half real, half Internet city, using a variety of illegal software tools, techniques, and virtual pets to manipulate the digital landscape.
The title of the show itself, Den-noh Coil, refers to a dangerous separation of one's digital self from the physical body. Dennō means "computer" and is analogous to the archaic English term "cyberbrain". In the series, the word is used to differentiate between virtual and real, e.g. "cyber cat". 
Due to the animators involved in its production and its unusually high-profile television broadcast time slot, Den-noh Coil was highly anticipated.The series received an Excellence Award for animation at the 2007 Japan Media Arts Festival.Australian distributor Siren Visual released the series on streaming in July with English subtitles, and on DVD in September in 2011.
Maiden Japan released the series on Blu-ray and DVD with English dubbing in North America in June 2016.
It was released on Netflix in late January 2022 to promote The Orbital Children, a 2-part film directed by Iso.It is a pioneering work that depicts daily life in a world where AR (Augmented Reality) technology, in which layers created by computer networks are superimposed on the real world, and MR (Mixed Reality) technology, in which high-resolution holograms are projected onto the real world and can be manipulated.
It is an epochal work in conscious AR expression in anime, and is cited as a staple whenever the topic of AR technology is discussed in Japan.
Other than that, it deals with various deals with various advanced and new technologies of the future that were not well known at the time of its broadcast, such as wearable computers, self-driving car technology, and virtual currency.In 2008, the Virtual World Institute of GLOCOM found new possibilities in the augmented reality depicted in Den-noh Coil, which overlays a network on the real world rather than in virtual reality.
They then discussed the feasibility of infrastructure to support society and the form of organization to run society as an exploration of the future society.
At the time, with the Second Life boom that occurred around 2006, there was a lot of talk about a virtual society, but in Europe and the U.S., the idea of creating a completely different world where people could do whatever they wanted, like the metaverse in the science fiction novel Snow Crash.
In contrast, they saw in this work the possibility of not only that, but also the possibility of a virtual world embedded in the real world.
They also suggested that while the virtual worlds and community services offered by the online gaming industry are Snow Crash-like, future services could appeal to a wider audience by adopting the Den-noh Coil concept.It has received high praise among Japanese science fiction anime for its fusion of old-fashioned Japanese scenery and urban legends, a modern version of the Japanese folklore Kaidan, with a futuristic worldview, and for its story of children playing in an augmented reality world using a device called "Den-noh Megane" (cyber glasses), as if anticipating the subsequent emergence of smart glasses.
The cyber world and folklore are superimposed, such as the urban legend that if you meet Michiko, you will be taken to "the other world.
Sociologist Kensuke Suzuki says that it is interesting from an ethnographic point of view to see the superimposition of religious institutions and electronic control, such as the fact that entering a shrine under the jurisdiction of the Cultural Affairs Bureau will allow one to escape Searchmaton under the jurisdiction of the Postal Service, thereby making it an asylum for children.