Titolo: Destiny 2: Forsaken

Anno: 2018

Descrizione: Destiny 2: Forsaken is a major expansion for Destiny 2, a first-person shooter video game by Bungie. Released on September 4, 2018, as the third expansion of Destiny 2, it revolves around the player's Guardian seeking to avenge the death of Cayde-6 by the hands of Prince Uldren Sov. Uldren, corrupted by the Darkness, is in search of his lost sister, Queen Mara Sov, both of whom were thought to have died in Destiny: The Taken King. Along their journey, players face the Scorn, undead versions of the Fallen race that have been revived and morphed into a new race. Forsaken adds content across the game, including new missions, Player versus Environment locations, Player versus Player maps, player gear, weaponry, a brand new PvE/PvP hybrid game mode, and a new raid. The expansion also introduced the game's first dungeon, a new challenging three-player activity. 
Upon the expansion's release, retailers also issued Destiny 2: Forsaken Legendary Collection, which included the Destiny 2 base game, Forsaken, and the previous two expansions, Curse of Osiris and Warmind. An Annual Pass was also released alongside the expansion, which granted access to the seasonal content for Year 2 of the game: Season of the Forge in December 2018, Season of the Drifter in March 2019, and Season of Opulence in June 2019—this seasonal content, however, was removed from the game with the release of Beyond Light in November 2020, with the exception of Gambit Prime from Season of the Drifter, which replaced the standard three-round version of Gambit that was originally added with Forsaken. Furthermore, Forsaken's campaign and the Tangled Shore destination will be removed from the game with the release of The Witch Queen in February 2022.
Forsaken's release coincided with patch version 2.0 for Destiny 2, which made fundamental changes to the core functionality for all players to mark the start of Year 2 of the game's lifecycle. Through the development of Forsaken, Bungie sought to address criticisms from players and critics; many changes to the game were direct responses to this.