Titolo: Destiny 2 post-release content

Anno: 2018

Descrizione: There have been several pieces of downloadable content (DLC) released for Bungie's 2017 first-person shooter video game Destiny 2 (also known as Destiny 2: New Light). The packages of downloadable content generally add new player versus environment (PvE) missions and player versus player (PvP) modes, new locales to visit, and new items for the player to make use of. Year One of the game featured two small expansion packs. The first was Curse of Osiris in December 2017, which was followed by Warmind in May 2018.
Year Two began with one large expansion and had three premium content drops, available by way of the Annual Pass, which began Destiny 2's seasonal model. The expansion was Forsaken, which was released in September 2018 and featured an overhaul on gameplay. Upon the release of the third expansion, retailers issued Destiny 2: Forsaken Legendary Collection, which included Destiny 2 and all DLC up to and including Forsaken as well as its Annual Pass. The Annual Pass was also made available upon the release of Forsaken, with its three content drops, Season of the Forge, Season of the Drifter, and Season of Opulence, releasing in December 2018, March 2019, and June 2019, respectively. In September 2019, the Annual Pass became free to all owners of Forsaken who had not purchased the pass.
Year Three then began with the fourth expansion, Shadowkeep, which released in October 2019 as a standalone expansion, not requiring players to purchase any of the previous expansions (future content, as well as Forsaken, are also now viewed in this way). It featured four seasonal content offerings, which were available to purchase separately, unlike the seasons of the Annual Pass. These were Season of the Undying, which was released alongside Shadowkeep, followed by Season of Dawn, Season of the Worthy, and Season of Arrivals, releasing in December 2019, March 2020, and June 2020, respectively. Also alongside Shadowkeep was a re-release of Destiny 2 called New Light, which made the base game free-to-play, and also included Curse of Osiris and Warmind.
Year Four began with the fifth expansion, Beyond Light, released in November 2020 along with four seasonal content offerings, the first of which, Season of the Hunt, released alongside the expansion, followed by Season of the Chosen in February 2021, Season of the Splicer in May 2021, and then Season of the Lost in August 2021. Beyond Light's release has thus far had the largest effect on the game, as nearly half of the game's content was removed from the game and placed into what Bungie calls the Destiny Content Vault (DCV), which also includes all content from the original Destiny. The content that was removed from the game includes Destiny 2's original base campaign, The Red War (which was replaced by a new player quest), the Curse of Osiris and Warmind expansions, and the content of Year Two's Annual Pass (with the small exception of Gambit Prime from Season of the Drifter, which was slightly tweaked and replaced the three-round Gambit and also renamed as Gambit). Bungie plans to cycle content in and out of the DCV, updating older areas as necessary.
Year Five will see the release of the sixth expansion, The Witch Queen in early 2022, and Year Six will see the release of the seventh expansion, Lightfall (working title) in early 2023. There will also be a final chapter in 2024 marking Year Seven, The Final Shape, to close out the first saga of Destiny, called the "Light and Darkness Saga," before beginning a new saga for the franchise.