Titolo: Deus Ex: Human Revolution

Anno: 2011

Descrizione: Deus Ex: Human Revolution is an action role-playing game developed by Eidos Montréal and published by Square Enix's European subsidiary in August 2011 for Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. A version for OS X was released the following year. It is the third game in the Deus Ex series, and a prequel to the original Deus Ex (2000). The gameplay—combining first-person shooter, stealth, and role-playing elements—features exploration and combat in environments connected to multiple city-based hubs, in addition to quests that grant experience and allow customization of the main character's abilities with items called Praxis Kits. Conversations between characters feature a variety of responses, with options in conversations and at crucial story points affecting how some events play out.
Set in the year 2027, players control Adam Jensen, a security officer for Sarif Industries, which develops controversial artificial organs dubbed "augmentations". After an attack on Sarif, Jensen undergoes extensive augmentation and investigates the shadowy organization behind the attack. The story explores themes of transhumanism and the growing power of megacorporations and their impact on social class. It also uses the series' cyberpunk setting and conspiracy theory motif.
Development of Human Revolution began in 2007 with a small team within the fledgling Eidos Montréal studio, after failed attempts to create a sequel at original developer Ion Storm following Deus Ex: Invisible War (2003). The two key influences were the myth of Icarus, a thematic element carried over from Deus Ex; and the artwork and ideas of the Renaissance, which influenced the story, graphics, and music, while combining with the series' typical cyberpunk elements. The open-ended gameplay was tricky for the team to achieve; the boss battles were outsourced to another developer due to time constraints. The music, composed by Michael McCann, focused on ambience and three-layered compositions over character themes and overt melodies.
Human Revolution was announced in 2007, soon after beginning development. Its title and release window were announced in 2010. After release, a downloadable episode, The Missing Link, was developed, featuring gameplay improvements. A director's cut, featuring further improvements and additional content, was released in 2013 for the original platforms and Wii U. Human Revolution received acclaim for its player-driven plot,  gameplay, and freedom of choice in story and character customization. The major criticisms went to its boss fights and technical problems. The director's cut was praised for its revamped gameplay. It was followed by a spin-off, Deus Ex: The Fall, and a sequel, Deus Ex: Mankind Divided.