Titolo: Deus Ex: Mankind Divided

Anno: 2016

Descrizione: Deus Ex: Mankind Divided is an action role-playing video game developed by Eidos Montréal and published by Square Enix's European subsidiary in August 2016 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. Versions for Linux and macOS systems were released in 2016 and 2017, respectively. It is the fourth main title in the Deus Ex series, and a sequel to the 2011 game Deus Ex: Human Revolution. The gameplay—combining first-person shooter, stealth, and role-playing elements—features exploration and combat in environments connected to the main hub of Prague and quests that grant experience and allow customization of the main character's abilities with Praxis Kits. Conversations between characters have a variety of responses, with options in conversations and at crucial story points affecting how events play out. Players can complete Breach, a cyberspace-set challenge mode, in addition to the main campaign. Breach was later released as a free, standalone product.
Set in 2029, two years after Human Revolution, the world is divided between normal humans and those with advanced, controversial artificial organs dubbed "augmentations". After a violent event known as the Aug Incident, augmented people have been segregated; this prompts heated debate and an era of "mechanical apartheid". Main protagonist Adam Jensen, equipped with advanced new augmentations after Human Revolution, is a double agent for the hacker group Juggernaut Collective to expose the Illuminati, which is orchestrating events behind the scenes. The story explores themes of transhumanism and discrimination, using the series' recurring cyberpunk setting and conspiracy theory motif.
Production of Mankind Divided began after completion of the Human Revolution expansion The Missing Link. The gameplay and graphics engine were rebuilt from scratch for next-generation hardware. A greater focus on realism and the story's darker themes resulted in a subdued color range compared to the previous game. Human Revolution composer Michael McCann returned to write the score with newcomers Sascha Dikiciyan and Ed Harrison.
The game was announced in 2015, after a lengthy promotional campaign. Subsequent marketing slogans were criticized by journalists, and a divisive tier-based preorder campaign was cancelled due to player backlash. Post-launch, story-based downloadable content was released in 2016. Critical reception of Mankind Divided was positive, and the game's narrative, graphics and gameplay were praised. Criticism focused on the brevity of its campaign and the handling of its themes.