Titolo: Dragon Quest X

Anno: 2012

Descrizione: Dragon Quest X is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) developed and published by Square Enix. It is the tenth mainline entry in the Dragon Quest series. It was originally released for the Wii in 2012, and was later ported to the Wii U, Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, Android, iOS, and Nintendo 3DS, all of which support cross-platform play. Other than a discontinued Windows version in Chinese, the game was not localized outside of Japan.
Dragon Quest X is set in the world of Astoltia, with the player character being initially human before an attack by the Lord of Hell Nelgel forces their soul into the body of another race. Following this, they must gather magical gems to seal Nelgel once again, while the player character's sibling is sent back in time to be safe from Nelgel. Gameplay follows a combination of elements from the Dragon Quest and other contemporary MMORPGs, such as real-time combat in an open world environment and a job system tied to skills and abilities.
Concepts for an MMORPG within the Dragon Quest series began among a small team during the later development of Dragon Quest VIII. Development progressed alongside that of Dragon Quest IX. The aim was to make it accessible to series fans and newcomers alike, along with creating a long-term content plan. The development team featured multiple series veterans, including director Jin Fujisawa, series creator and designer Yuji Horii, series artist Akira Toriyama, and series composer Koichi Sugiyama. New staff members included producer Yosuke Saito, who had previously worked on the Drakengard series and whose company Orca helped with development; and Chikara Saito, who took over as director in 2013.
Dragon Quest X was teased in 2008, with its full reveal as an MMORPG in 2011. Critical reception to the game have been generally positive, with praise going to its integrating of Dragon Quest features into an MMORPG structure. The game has since received several expansion packs and other updates. By 2014, the game had sold over one million copies across all versions.