Titolo: Dream Chronicles: The Chosen Child

Anno: 2009

Descrizione: Dream Chronicles: The Chosen Child (often shortened to Dream Chronicles 3 or The Chosen Child) is a 2009 adventure and puzzle casual game developed by KatGames and originally published by PlayFirst. It is the third installment in the Dream Chronicles series, the second sequel to 2007's award-winning game Dream Chronicles and also the last part of the first trilogy called Faye's Journey.
The game is set in a mystical world of realistic fantasy where mortal and fairy realms collide, and picks up where Dream Chronicles 2: The Eternal Maze ended. The Chosen Child tells the story of a mortal woman named Faye waking up from a powerful fairy's dream spell with no recollection of her past or her true identity, except for what she can piece together from her frequent dreams, that she has a husband and a daughter who have both been taken by the Fairy Queen of Dreams. Guided by her Fairy husband, who communicates with her through a crystal ball, Faye sets out to save her child once more.The Chosen Child was first presented limitedly as a beta version on February 5, 2009. It was officially released worldwide as a digital download on April 16, 2009. Similar to its predecessors, The Chosen Child immediately became another Dream Chronicles hit, reaching number-one of eleven casual game charts and peaking inside top ten on many other charts. The game was critically well received by casual game critics, describing it as "another visually stunning Myst-like adventure that transports players into a fantasy world of fairies." In June 2010, it was announced that The Chosen Child was nominated for two awards, "Top Hidden Object Game" and "Best Story", in the second annual GameHouse Great Game Awards. The Chosen Child was preceded by Dream Chronicles 2: The Eternal Maze (2008) and followed by Dream Chronicles: The Book of Air (2010).
On August 28, 2012, a high-definition version of this game was available via App Store for iPad device.