Titolo: Enslaved: Odyssey to the West

Anno: 2010

Descrizione: Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is an action-adventure video game developed by Ninja Theory and published by Namco Bandai Games. Announced in 2009 as Enslaved, it was released on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in October 2010. As a loose adaptation of the novel Journey to the West, the game is set 150 years in a future post-apocalyptic world following a global war. Only remnants of humanity survive, along with the still active war machines left over from the conflict. The game's story follows Monkey who is forced to escort Trip home safely after they survive a ship crash. Players play as Monkey, who must combat enemies using his staff from a third-person perspective, engage in different platforming challenges and solve puzzles.
Initially pitched as a CGI film, the game's development began after the team's had halted the development of a sequel to Heavenly Sword. Life After People inspired the game's setting, while the video game Ico inspired the dynamics between the two protagonists. Alex Garland was invited to write the game's story, but he became involved in the game's design to ensure the game was consistent throughout. Andy Serkis and Lindsey Shaw provided performance capture for the game, and Nitin Sawhney composed the game's soundtrack. The team used the Unreal Engine 3 game engine to power Enslaved.
The game received generally positive reviews. Critics praised its graphics, world design, Serkis' performance and Garland's script, though the game drew criticisms for its gameplay and technical shortcomings. The game was a commercial failure. Sales failed to meet Namco Bandai's expectations. A single-player downloadable content, titled Pigsy's Perfect 10, was released in November 2010. A complete version, featuring all downloadable content, was released for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation 3 on 25 October 2013. A sequel was planned but later canceled due to the game's financial underperformance. It was one of the last games to be made backwards compatible on the Xbox One on June 10, 2019.