Titolo: Islanders (video game)

Anno: 2019

Descrizione: Islanders (stylized in all uppercase) is a casual city-building game developed and published by German indie game studio Grizzly Games. It was initially released on Steam for Microsoft Windows on 4 April 2019, and support for macOS and Linux was added in June that year. A version for consoles, titled Islanders: Console Edition, was released for Nintendo Switch on 11 August 2021 and PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on 26 August 2021. The console version was published by Coatsink. 
In Islanders, players earn points by strategically placing buildings from their inventory onto a procedurally generated island. Earning points restocks the building inventory, eventually unlocking new types of buildings and the ability to move to a new island and continue the session. The session ends when no more points can be gained because no buildings are available or there is no space to place them. The overall goal of the game is to obtain the highest score possible in a single session.
Islanders was developed over seven months while the members of Grizzly Games were completing degrees in video game design at HTW Berlin. The developers were inspired by a mutual love of city-building games, and chose to embrace simplicity in designing Islanders because of the limitations of working with a small team. Employing procedural generation of new islands enabled them to keep the game's mechanics simple while still providing the player enough variety to make the game engaging for repeat sessions.
Critical reception of Islanders was generally positive. Most reviews highlighted elements of the game's minimalist design: low poly visuals, relaxing sound design, and simple yet engaging gameplay mechanics. These same attributes also attracted a degree of criticism from reviewers who felt there was room for more complexity. In April 2019, Islanders was one of the top twenty best-selling games on Steam. Several video game journalists placed it on lists of favorites for 2019.