Titolo: Klonoa (2008 video game)

Anno: 2008

Descrizione: Klonoa is a side-scrolling platform video game developed by Paon and published by Namco Bandai Games for the Wii. It was released in Japan in 2008, and in both North America and Europe in 2009. As a remake of the 1997 PlayStation game Klonoa: Door to Phantomile, it follows the titular character and his friend Huepow in their efforts to save the dreamworld of Phantomile from the evil spirit Ghadius, who plots to turn it into a world of nightmares. Gameplay takes place within a 2.5D perspective, featuring 2D gameplay with 3D graphics. It is the eighth and final game in the Klonoa series.
Development of the game began after Shin Unozawa, the vice president of Namco Bandai Games, expressed interest in reviving the series. In acknowledgement of the series' impending 10-year anniversary, Namco Bandai decided that a remake of the original would be the best approach. The game was produced by Hideo Yoshizawa, the director of the original Door to Phantomile, alongside other former members of the Klonoa Works division. The team chose the Wii as the platform to develop it for due to its wide appeal. Care was taken into making the game easier to control and more intuitive, such as altered level designs, the speed at which Klonoa runs, and his attack range. For the North American version, Namco Bandai proposed a redesign for the character to make him look less "old-fashioned" and appealing for Western audiences, a design that was met with a significant negative backlash and swiftly scrapped.
Klonoa was well-received by critics, who commended its gameplay, controls and art direction, although some felt that it was too easy and lacked any major enhancements over the original game. Multiple critics have placed it among the Wii's best exclusive titles, with Nintendo Power voting it to be one of the best games released on a Nintendo console. Despite its positive reception, it was a commercial failure, resulting in Bandai Namco scrapping the planned remake of the second game, along with any potential future installments.