Titolo: Lumines: Puzzle Fusion

Anno: 2004

Descrizione: Lumines: Puzzle Fusion (pronounced as "Loo-min-ess") is a 2004 arcade-styled puzzle game developed by Q Entertainment. It was published for PlayStation Portable (PSP) by Bandai in Japan and by Ubisoft internationally. The objective of the game is to rotate and drop 2×2 groups of blocks in order to create single-color 2×2 squares. A vertical line known as the "time line" sweeps across the field, erases completed squares, and awards points. Each stage has a skin that affects the background, block colors, music, and speed of the time line.
Lumines is the work of video game designer Tetsuya Mizuguchi, who had previously worked at Sega. Katsumi Yokota contributed as the graphic designer and assisted Takayuki Nakamura in music composition. Originally, Mizuguchi wanted to make a music-heavy Tetris game, but licensing issues at the time prevented this, leading him to create a new concept for Lumines. Mizuguchi was inspired to make a music game on the PSP, one of the few handhelds on the market with a headphone jack. It was released as a launch title for PSP in Japan in December 2004, in North America in March 2005, and in Europe in September 2005. It was followed by ports for mobile phones, Microsoft Windows, and PlayStation 2 (PS2); and a high-definition remaster for PlayStation 4 (PS4), Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, and Windows.
The game earned critical acclaim and commercial success, selling over half a million copies between North America, Europe, and Japan, and earning "Best Handheld Game of 2005". It was recognized as one of the best-ever launch titles by multiple media outlets. It was praised for its music and gameplay, with multiple reviewers describing it as addictive and comparing it to Tetris. The ports received less praise than the original. The mobile phone version was commended by critics for its new features, but criticized for its poor sound quality, while the PS2 port was criticized for removing content from the original. Reviewers complimented the remastered version for enhancing the quality of sounds and visuals, yet were also disappointed with the lack of an online multiplayer mode. The game led to numerous spin-offs and sequels for multiple platforms, becoming the first entry in the Lumines series.