Titolo: Max Payne (video game)

Anno: 2001

Descrizione: Max Payne is a third-person shooter video game developed by Remedy Entertainment and published by Gathering of Developers in July 2001 for Microsoft Windows, and by MacSoft and Feral Interactive in July 2002 for Mac OS. Ports for PlayStation 2 and Xbox in 2001, an adaptation for Game Boy Advance in 2003, and mobile versions for iOS and Android in 2012, were released by Rockstar Games. A Dreamcast version of the game was also planned, but was canceled due to the discontinuation of the console. Max Payne was also made available on Xbox 360 as part of Xbox Originals program in 2009, on PlayStation 3 as a PS2 Classic in 2012, on PlayStation 4 in 2016, and on Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S in 2021, due to consoles' respective backward compatibility and emulation features.
The game centers on former NYPD detective Max Payne, who attempts to solve the murder of his family while investigating a drug trafficking case involving a mysterious new designer drug called "Valkyr". While doing so, Max becomes entangled in a large and complex conspiracy, involving a major pharmaceutical company, organized crime, a secret society, and the U.S. military. It features a gritty neo-noir style and uses graphic novel panels (with voice-overs) as the primary means of telling the game's story, drawing inspiration from hard-boiled detective novels by authors like Mickey Spillane. The game contains many allusions to Norse mythology, particularly the myth of Ragnarök, and several of the names used in the game are allusions to Norse mythology. The gameplay is heavily influenced by the Hong Kong action cinema genre, particularly the work of director John Woo, and it was one of the first games to feature the bullet-time effect popularized by The Matrix.
Max Payne received very positive reviews and was praised for its exciting gunplay and use of noir storytelling devices, with some citing it as one of the best video games ever made. The game won a large number of accolades upon its release, including the BAFTA Award. Its success launched the Max Payne franchise, starting with Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne in 2003. The games later inspired a feature film of the same name.