Titolo: Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 4

Anno: 2016

Descrizione: Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 4, known in Japan as Naruto Shippūden: Narutimate Storm 4 (Japanese: NARUTO (ナルト) 疾風伝 ナルティメットストーム 4, Hepburn: Naruto Shippūden: Narutimetto Sutōmu 4), is a fighting game developed by CyberConnect2 and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Steam in February 2016. It is the sixth and final installment of the Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Storm series inspired by Masashi Kishimoto's manga Naruto. It is the sequel of Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 3.
The narrative follows the young ninjas Naruto Uzumaki and Sasuke Uchiha as they participate in a world war between shinobi – the Fourth Shinobi World War – against the terrorist organization Akatsuki and unite to defeat it. Similar to Storm 3, the game uses regular fighting systems; however, players can switch among a team of three fighters who can assist each other. Other returning elements involve boss fights, where quick time events are required to reach hidden scenes and hack and slash areas. The expansion version is entitled Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 4 - Road to Boruto; this version, under development, was compiled with three other series titles as Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm Legacy and released on in August 2017. It adds new characters from the 2015 film, Boruto: Naruto the Movie, and adult versions of the younger fighters.
The game was developed for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One over a two-year period. CyberConnect2 took advantage of the hardware's potential to incorporate more fighting mechanics and add new fighters. The game received generally-positive reviews, according to Metacritic; its narrative and graphics were praised, but critics were also divided about the length of the story and the depth of the controls. A Nintendo Switch port of Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 4 - Road to Boruto was released in April 2020. Including Road to Boruto, the game had sold 8.7 million copies by December 2021.