Titolo: Out There (video game)

Anno: 2014

Descrizione: Out There  is an Android and iOS game by French indie developer Mi-Clos Studio, released on February 27, 2014. It was later released on PC, Mac and Linux through Steam. An enhanced version titled Out There: Ω The Alliance was released on the Nintendo Switch on April 9, 2019. The story begins in the 22nd century. Earth is exhausted of resources and no longer a viable planet for its human civilization, whose unsustainable growth made it impossible for developing society any further. An astronaut is sent to Ganymede, a moon of Jupiter, in order to find viable resources to supply Earth. Onboard of his ship, the Nomad, the astronaut sleeps in cryonics until reaching his destiny. Unfortunately, he wakes up in an unknown location, far away from the Earth.
Through his adventure, the astronaut meets many alien creatures. There are 3 civilizations that the astronaut interacts with that have a major impact: The Judges/Architects, responsible for the destruction of solar systems, Star Iron, an advanced AI that runs the stations the player can resupply in, and People Death, the original creators of Star Iron and survivors of another species whose homeworld was destroyed by the Judges/Architects. The game ending depends on which civilization the player decides to speak to or help. If he speaks to the Judges/Architects, he is only informed of what happened to him and to Earth. If he confronts People Death and defeats them, they will see them as a sort of godly being, and allow him to use their army to ravage worlds. Only if the player helps Star Iron destroy the Judges/Architects enclave, can he use the wormhole of the system where the enclave was located to travel back to 22nd century Earth, and bring new technology and a new hope for Humanity. There is also a fourth ending, added in the "Omega Edition" of the game, in which the player uses one of the Arks left behind by humans who tried to flee Earth to colonize a new planet for Humanity and rebuild civilization anew.