Titolo: Pitfall: The Mayan Adventure

Anno: 1994

Descrizione: Pitfall: The Mayan Adventure is a side-scrolling action-platform video game developed by Activision in conjunction with Kroyer Films and originally published for the Sega Genesis on North America and Europe in 1994. The fourth installment in the Pitfall! franchise, players assume the role of Pitfall Harry Junior as he embarks on a journey through the Mayan jungles of Central America in an attempt to rescue Pitfall Harry, his father and main protagonist of previous entries in the series, from the evil Mayan warrior spirit named Zakelua. Its gameplay mainly consists of action and platforming mixed with stage-based exploration using a main six-button configuration.
Pitfall: The Mayan Adventure originally began its development on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and formed part in a string of franchise revivals by Activision along with other games from the Atari 2600 such as Kaboom! and River Raid, featuring sprite-based visuals before Kroyer Films were brought to assist in its creation by providing hand-drawn animations and graphics instead, while the lead platform transitioned from the Super NES to Genesis. Initially launched for the Genesis, the title was later ported to other platforms including the 32X, Atari Jaguar, Game Boy Advance, PC, Sega CD and Super NES, with each one being developed by various third-party developers and featuring several changes and additions compared to the original version. It has also been re-released through download services such as Virtual Console. Conversions for multiple systems were in development but never released.
Since its original release on the Genesis, Pitfall: The Mayan Adventure was met with positive reception from critics who praised multiple aspects such as the presentation, visuals, sound design and replay value, though some felt divided in regards to the controls. However, the Sega CD version garnered very positive reviews from most critics who commended the improved audio and additional content. The Super NES version fared positively as well with reviewers that praised the graphics and sound design but others criticized the music and controls. The PC conversion received similar reception that fell in line with the 16-bit versions, while the 32X port got more divisive with some critics that felt it did not improve upon the Genesis original. The Jaguar port was met with mostly positive reviews but received criticism for not improving the visuals and sounds from the 16-bit versions as well, while the Game Boy Advance port was met with a more lukewarm reception.

