Titolo: Pokémon X and Y

Anno: 2013

Descrizione: Pokémon X and Pokémon Y are 2013 role-playing video games developed by Game Freak, published by The Pokémon Company and Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS. They are the first installments in the sixth generation of the main Pokémon video game series. First announced in January 2013 by former Nintendo president Satoru Iwata through a special Nintendo Direct, Pokémon X and Pokémon Y were released worldwide in October 2013, making them the first Nintendo-published retail games to have a simultaneous global release in all key regions.
As with previous installments, both games follow the journey of a young Pokémon trainer and friends, as they train Pokémon. This time, the games take place in the Kalos region—based on France—with the objective being to thwart the schemes of the nefarious criminal organization Team Flare, all while attempting to challenge the Pokémon League Champion. X and Y introduced 72 new Pokémon species, and includes new features such as the new Fairy-type, character customization, updated battle and training mechanics, and completely rendered polygonal 3D graphics as opposed to the sprites used in previous generations. A new form of Pokémon evolution, known as "Mega Evolution," allows players to further evolve many species of fully evolved Pokémon, with 30 of these evolutions available in these games. Both titles are independent of each other, but feature largely the same plot, and while each can be played separately, trading Pokémon between the two games is, as with past titles, necessary in order for a player to obtain every Pokémon species.
X and Y received positive reviews from critics, who praised the advancements in the gameplay and innovations that the developers brought to the franchise. The games' visuals and transition to 3D models were well received by critics, though the games' story received criticism. The highly anticipated games were a commercial success, selling four million copies worldwide in the first weekend, beating their predecessors Pokémon Black and White's record and making them the fastest-selling games on the 3DS. As of 30 September 2021, a combined total of 16.58 million copies have been sold, making X and Y the second best-selling games on the system after Mario Kart 7.