Titolo: Prey (2017 video game)

Anno: 2017

Descrizione: Prey is a  first-person shooter video game developed by Arkane Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks. It was released worldwide on 5 May 2017, for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
It takes place in an alternate timeline that resulted in an accelerated Space Race and humankind taking to orbital stations far earlier. The player controls Morgan Yu while exploring the space station Talos I, in orbit around Earth–Moon L2, where they were part of a scientific team researching the Typhon, a hostile alien force composed of many forms with both physical and psychic powers, such as shapeshifting into a clone of any inanimate object. As the Typhon escape confinement, the player uses a variety of weapons and abilities derived from the Typhon to avoid being killed while looking to escape the station. The player gains access to areas of the station by acquiring  key items and abilities, eventually allowing the player to explore the station in an open world setting. The game combines elements of role-playing video games, stealth games, immersive sims and Metroidvanias in its design.
Arkane's Prey is largely unrelated to the 2006 game Prey developed by Human Head Studios, and is considered a reimagining of the intellectual property set in a new narrative. While Prey 2, a sequel to the 2006 game, had been planned by Human Head, it fell into development hell following transfer of the intellectual property from 3D Realms to Bethesda Softworks, and was eventually cancelled in 2014. Arkane's game does not use any of the planned sequel's assets, and only incorporates the previous game's name and the broad theme of the protagonist being hunted by aliens. Arkane built Prey as a spiritual sequel to System Shock, providing the player with several potential means of progressing within the game, while considering the Talos I station a thematic reinterpretation of their underground dungeon of their first game, Arx Fatalis.
Prey was positively reviewed by critics at release and considered one of the best games of 2017 by several gaming magazines and websites. Two expansions were released: Mooncrash, a procedurally-generated mode inspired by various roguelike games, and a multiplayer Typhon Hunt that incorporates the Typhon shapeshifting abilities in a hide-and-seek style game.