Titolo: Prince of Persia: Warrior Within

Anno: 2004

Descrizione: Prince of Persia: Warrior Within is an action-adventure video game and sequel to Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time. Warrior Within was developed and published by Ubisoft, and released for GameCube, Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2 and Xbox. It picks up where The Sands of Time left off, adding new features, specifically, options in combat. The Prince has the ability to wield two weapons at a time as well as the ability to steal his enemies' weapons and throw them. The Prince's repertoire of combat moves has been expanded into varying strings that allow players to attack enemies with more complexity than was possible in the previous game. Warrior Within has a darker tone than its predecessor adding in the ability for the Prince to dispatch his enemies with various gory finishing moves. In addition to the rewind, slow-down, and speed-up powers from Sands of Time, the Prince also has a new sand power: a circular "wave" of sand that knocks down all surrounding enemies as well as damaging them. The game was generally well received with the praise being directed towards the improved combat, level design, story, and soundtrack.
Following Warrior Within, a second sequel and a prequel were made, expanding the Sands of Time story. Prince of Persia: The Two Thrones was released on December 1, 2005, and Prince of Persia: The Forgotten Sands was released on May 18, 2010. A port of Warrior Within was done by Pipeworks Software, renamed as Prince of Persia: Revelations, and was released on December 6, 2005, for PlayStation Portable. The port includes additional content including new areas not available in the original release. On June 3, 2010, a port of Warrior Within developed by Gameloft was released for the iPhone. Due to problems with the in-game menu, the game was pulled from the App Store on the same day. It was re-released on June 18, 2010, with the fixed menu and improved tutorial. It has since been removed and is no longer available for download.