Titolo: Remember 11: The Age of Infinity

Anno: 2004

Descrizione: Remember 11: The Age of Infinity is a visual novel video game developed by KID. It was originally released on March 18, 2004 for the PlayStation 2, and has later been ported to Microsoft Windows, PlayStation Portable, iOS, and Android. The game is the third entry in the Infinity series; it is preceded by Never 7: The End of Infinity and Ever 17: The Out of Infinity, and followed by the spin-off 12Riven: The Psi-Climinal of Integral and the reboot Code_18.
The game follows Cocoro Fuyukawa and Satoru Yukidoh, who frequently experience a phenomenon that makes their minds switch place with each other, putting them in the other person's body. Cocoro is stuck in a blizzard in an emergency cabin on a mountain together with three other people, while Satoru is in an institute for the treatment of mentally ill criminals, having lost his memory. The player takes the role of Cocoro, and reads the story while occasionally making choices that affect the course of the story, attempting to keep her alive for seven days; after doing so, they are able to play through the seven days from Satoru's perspective as well.
The development team included director Takumi Nakazawa, scenario writer Kotaro Uchikoshi, music composers Takeshi Abo and Chiyomaru Shikura, and character designer Hidari. The game was originally planned to be titled Parasite and be unrelated to the Infinity series, but when production started it was given the project name Project Infinity 3. Nakazawa and Uchikoshi had creative differences regarding the game's ending, each having their own idea for how the game should end; because of this and time constraints, the ending was left in an unfinished state, with the development team planning to develop a sequel that would conclude the game's story. The game was positively received by reviewers at Famitsu and RPGFan, with the former complimenting the game system and plot, and the latter liking the character design and music.