Titolo: Super Mario Odyssey

Anno: 2017

Descrizione: Super Mario Odyssey is a 2017 platform game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch video game console. An entry in the Super Mario series, it follows Mario and his new ally Cappy—a sentient hat that allows Mario to control other characters and objects—as they journey across various kingdoms to save Princess Peach from his nemesis Bowser's plans of forced marriage. In contrast to the linear gameplay of prior entries, the game returns to the primarily open-ended, 3D platform gameplay featured in Super Mario 64 and Super Mario Sunshine. Odyssey was released on October 27, 2017.
In Odyssey, Mario explores various kingdoms and collects Power Moons hidden inside them, used as a fuel source to power an airship known as the Odyssey to travel to new locations. Cappy's main function is the "capture" ability, letting Mario possess enemies and other objects, helping him solve puzzles and progress in the game. After completing the main story mode, other post-game kingdoms are unlockable and an additional minigame, "Luigi's Balloon World", is playable. The game supports multiplayer and virtual reality with a Nintendo Labo virtual reality kit.
The game was developed by Nintendo's Entertainment Planning & Development division and began development soon after the release of Super Mario 3D World in 2013. Various ideas were suggested during development, and to incorporate them all the team decided to employ a sandbox-style of gameplay. Unlike previous installments such as New Super Mario Bros., and Super Mario 3D Land, which were aimed at a casual audience, the team designed Super Mario Odyssey to appeal to the series' core fans. The game also features two vocal theme songs, "Jump Up, Super Star!", and "Break Free (Lead The Way)!", a first for the series.
Super Mario Odyssey has been cited as one of the best games in the Mario series, with particular praise towards its inventiveness and originality. The game won several awards and sold nearly 22 million copies by September 2021, making it one of the best-selling Switch games and the fastest-selling game in the series.