Titolo: The Idolmaster Shiny Festa

Anno: 2012

Descrizione: The Idolmaster Shiny Festa (Japanese: アイドルマスター シャイニーフェスタ, Hepburn: Aidorumasutā Shainī Fesuta, officially stylized as THE iDOLM@STER SHINY FESTA) is a series of three Japanese rhythm video games developed and published by Bandai Namco Games. The games are part of The Idolmaster franchise, and were originally released on October 25, 2012 as Honey Sound (ハニー サウンド, Hanī Saundo), Funky Note (ファンキー ノート, Fankī Nōto), and Groovy Tune (グルーヴィー チューン, Gurūvī Chūn) for the PlayStation Portable in Japan. They were the first games in the series to be localized into English, and were released for iOS on April 22, 2013 as Harmonic Score, Rhythmic Record, and Melodic Disc, while retaining their original names for the Japanese versions. Service for the iOS version was discontinued on March 15, 2016.
The gameplay in Shiny Festa eschews the simulation format of previous Idolmaster games, and instead features a rhythmic gameplay in which the player times the presses of buttons to the rhythm of the songs and a predetermined pattern displayed on the screen. Each game features a different array of characters and songs, and also includes an original video animation episode produced by A-1 Pictures and directed by Atsushi Nishigori. The games' story centers on the 765 Production's participation in a music festival, and is told via the anime episodes and occasional dialogue included in the games.
Development of Shiny Festa began as a result of series producer Yōzō Sakagami's desire to create a video game that has a lighter feel and makes use of the franchise's songs that had not been featured in video game form. Shiny Festa's original releases sold a total of 119,132 copies in its first week of release in Japan, and together ranked as the best-selling video game in Japan that week. The games were described by reviewers as accessible to the franchise's new and existing fans, but the iOS releases were criticized by journalists for their prohibitive pricing. The mechanics of Shiny Festa later reappear in The Idolmaster Shiny TV, a high-definition remastered version for the PlayStation 3.