Titolo: The Irregular at Magic High School

Anno: 2014

Descrizione: The Irregular at Magic High School (Japanese: 魔法科高校の劣等生, Hepburn: Mahōka Kōkō no Rettōsei, lit. "The Poor Performing Student of a Magic High School") is a Japanese web novel series by Tsutomu Satō. It was published on Shōsetsuka ni Narō, a web novel website, from October 2008 to March 2011. Satō reached a deal with Dengeki Bunko and began releasing his work in a light novel format beginning July 2011. The story takes place in an alternate history where magic exists and is polished through technology, and follows Tatsuya and Miyuki Shiba, siblings who enroll into First High magic high school. While keeping their connections to the infamous Yotsuba clan secret, they attempt to live their daily life in peace, but Tatsuya is shunned for his apparent ineptness and Miyuki is validated for her magical abilities.
In 2013, each story arc received a manga adaptation with varying manga artists and publishers. That same year, an anime television series adaptation by Madhouse was announced and aired from April to September 2014. The Irregular at Magic High School franchise had been localized for English by two companies: The light novels and one of the manga adaptations are licensed by Yen Press, while Aniplex of America licensed the anime series. The anime series was simulcasted on four networks, and was later made available on Netflix. An anime film featuring an original story by Satō premiered in Japan in June 2017, while a second season taking place after the anime series by Eight Bit aired from October to December 2020. The season was simulcasted on Funimation and Hulu.  An anime television series adaptation of The Honor Student at Magic High School by Connect aired from July to September 2021. A film adaptation of the series' "Reminiscence Arc" aired in December 2021. A sequel anime has been announced.
In 2020, a direct sequel called The Irregular at Magic High School Magian Company began being published. Set after the events of Volume 32, the sequel focuses on the protagonist Tatsuya Shiba and the others after their graduation from First High magic high school. A spinoff sequel called New – The Irregular at Magic High School: Maidens of Cygnus will begin publication in 2021. Its focus is on Katsuto Juumonji and the revelation about a new family member. 
The series has been well received. The light novels appeared on Sugoi Japan's 2015 polls and since 2011, is one of the top selling series in Japan with 10 million copies sold as of 2019. In addition, its manga and anime adaptations also appeared on top selling charts. English reviewers had mixed reception towards the anime adaptation. The complex technicality of magic within the series was received warmly but the exposition was criticized for being heavy, unclear, and poorly executed.