Titolo: The Dark Pictures Anthology: House of Ashes

Anno: 2021

Descrizione: The Dark Pictures Anthology: House of Ashes, also known simply as House of Ashes, is a 2021 interactive drama survival horror video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment. It is the third instalment in The Dark Pictures series, following 2019's Man of Medan and 2020's Little Hope. Ashley Tisdale, who portrays a CIA field officer named Rachel King, stars as the title's leading actress. Set during the United States' invasion of Iraq, the game focuses on five characters—four Americans working for the US Armed Forces and one Iraqi working for the country's Republican Guard—who fall into a subterranean Akkadian temple after the two parties clash during an ambush countering a US military raid. The protagonists have to find a way out of the ancient structure and cooperate, even with their adversaries, in order to outmatch the vampiric entities that infest the area. Thus, the proverb "the enemy of my enemy is my friend" serves as the game's central theme.
Like its predecessors in The Dark Pictures Anthology, House of Ashes features a cast of five playable protagonists and a multilinear narrative moulded by player choice. Users must make several decisions that alter the trajectory of the plot and change the relationships between the main characters. Due to these choices, any of the five protagonists can die permanently. Many other features from previous instalments return in this game, such as quick time events and collectable "pictures" that allow players to see visions of potential outcomes. Conversely, House of Ashes introduces new gameplay elements to the series, like a more interactive camera system and a difficulty level to manage quick time events.
During House of Ashes' development, Supermassive Games took inspiration from various pieces of media, including the book At the Mountains of Madness and the movies Predator and The Descent. Jason Graves composed the game's soundtrack, along with other games in the anthology. Supermassive Games used motion capture technology to animate the story's characters, as well as the bat-like monsters that serve as House of Ashes' primary antagonists. Two teaser trailers were revealed for House of Ashes—in 2020 at the end of Little Hope and on 19 May 2021. Trailers showing sneak peeks of the story, characters, and gameplay were also premiered leading up to the game's release, and a launch date trailer with live-action scenes was revealed on the day House of Ashes was scheduled to come out publicly.
House of Ashes was released on 22 October 2021 for Windows, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S. Its upcoming sequel, The Devil in Me, will be the final title in the anthology's first season. House of Ashes received generally mixed reviews from critics and generally favorable reviews from users; the writing for the story and characters received a lot of praise compared to Man of Medan or Little Hope, being dubbed as a "step on the right direction" for Supermassive Games, but the game still faced criticism for technical issues within the gameplay such as bugs and glitches with textures and animation.