Titolo: Animal Crossing (video game)

Anno: 2001

Descrizione: Animal Crossing, known in Japan as Dōbutsu no Mori+, is a 2001 social simulation video game developed and published by Nintendo for the GameCube. It is an enhanced version of the Nintendo 64 game Dōbutsu no Mori, which was only released in Japan earlier the same year, and was followed by another edition, Dōbutsu no Mori e+, in 2003.
Animal Crossing is an endless and non-linear game in which a human takes up residence in a village inhabited by anthropomorphic animals. The main goal of the game is to save money in order to pay off the mortgage on the human's house. This requires collecting natural materials and selling them. The human can engage in everyday life in the village, interact with the animals, attend events, and contribute to the village's development. The game's western localization differs significantly from the original release in that Japanese holidays and cultural references are replaced with Western ones.
The game was originally conceived as a role-playing adventure, with the main action taking place in dungeons. However, development was stalled by the failure of the 64DD peripheral. Reviewing the existing developments, designer Katsuya Eguchi decided to create a non-linear life simulator, which would carry the themes of family, friendship, and community as well as allow several players to develop a virtual town at different times. Eguchi also wanted to create a game that catered to a wider audience inclusive of those unfamiliar with video games.
Animal Crossing was a critical and commercial success domestically and internationally, attracting many non-traditional gaming audiences. Critics praised the game's unusual but immersive and addictive gameplay, which was devoid of purpose and stressful elements. Criticisms centered on its outdated graphics and simple art style. The game is considered one of the earliest examples of the casual game genre, and marked the beginning of a franchise of the same name, which saw further success in its sequels.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: N/A
