Titolo: ARMA 3

Anno: 2013

Descrizione: ARMA 3 is an open-world, realism-based, military tactical shooter video game developed and published by Bohemia Interactive exclusively through the Steam distribution platform. It was released for Microsoft Windows in September 2013, and later announced for macOS and Linux in August 2015.ARMA 3 mainly takes place in the mid-2030s, on the fictional islands of Altis and Stratis in the Aegean Sea, and the South Pacific island of Tanoa, as well as the island of Malden and a landlocked terrain set in the historical region of Livonia. The islands feature photo-realistic terrain and water environments. Altis is the largest official terrain in the ARMA series with ground area covering approximately 270 square kilometres (100 sq mi). The smaller island, Stratis, expands over an area of 20 square kilometres (7.7 sq mi).The single-player campaign has the player take control of U.S. Army soldier Corporal Ben Kerry. During the campaign, the player is placed in a variety of situations, from lone wolf infiltration missions to the commanding of large-scale armored operations. The player is able to choose different objectives and weaponry (such as UAVs, artillery, and air support) according to their play style.Since its initial release, the ARMA 3 platform has been actively maintained and extended by Bohemia Interactive and publishing partners with almost twenty significant game engine updates and downloadable content (DLC) releases, including most recently, in 2021, a major Vietnam War era DLC expansion S.O.G Prairie Fire.
ARMA 3 also has a very active modding community that has published nearly 90,000 mods, adding thousands of additional terrains, buildings, vehicles, weapons, placeable objects, missions, campaigns, and game mechanics enhancements, most of which are freely and easily available from the Steam Workshop.
Despite its relative age, ARMA 3 maintains a substantial player community, often being in the top 50 games (by active players) on Steam, with hundreds of official and community multi-player servers, community groups, and many dedicated ARMA 3 mil-sim realism groups.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: 69
