Titolo: Assassin's Creed III: Liberation

Anno: 2012

Descrizione: Assassin's Creed III: Liberation is a 2012 action-adventure video game developed by Ubisoft Sofia and published by Ubisoft. It was originally released for the PlayStation Vita on October 30, 2012 in North America, with a worldwide launch the following day. It is the fourth spin-off installment in the Assassin's Creed series, and takes place alongside the events of Assassin's Creed III.
The plot is set within a fictional history of real-world events and follows the millennia-old struggle between the Assassins, who fight to preserve peace and free will, and the Templars, who desire peace through control. The game is set in late 18th-century Louisiana, from 1765 to 1777, and focuses on the life of French Assassin Aveline de Grandpré, the series' first female protagonist, as she attempts to stop the Templars from gaining control over New Orleans towards the end of the French and Indian War. The game takes place within an open world and is presented from the third-person perspective with a primary focus on using Aveline's combat, stealth, and parkour abilities to complete missions and explore the environment.
The original release of Liberation received mixed reviews from critics, who praised its setting and protagonist, but disliked the narrative's execution and certain aspects of the gameplay, while feeling that the title was limited by its status as a spin-off. A fully remade version of the game, titled Assassin's Creed: Liberation HD, was released in January 2014 for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows via the PlayStation Network, Xbox Live Arcade and Steam, respectively. A remastered version of Liberation HD was released as part of Assassin's Creed III Remastered for Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and Windows in March 2019, and for the Nintendo Switch in May 2019. The remastered version was redesigned to operate with 4K HDR/enhanced visuals, and includes several improvements such as a new graphics engine using physics-based lighting, new character models, and heavily revamped gameplay mechanics.

Genere: Action-adventure 

Valutazione: N/A
