Titolo: Assassin's Creed Origins

Anno: 2017

Descrizione: Assassin's Creed Origins is a 2017 action role-playing video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It is the tenth major installment in the Assassin's Creed series. Principally set in Egypt, near the end of the Ptolemaic period (49–43 BC), the story follows a Medjay named Bayek of Siwa and his wife Aya, and explores the origins of the millennia-long conflict between the Hidden Ones—forerunners to the Assassin Brotherhood—who fight for peace by promoting liberty, and The Order of the Ancients—forerunners to the Templar Order—who desire peace through the forced imposition of order. The narrative also includes sequences set during the 21st century, which follow a new character, Layla Hassan. Featuring a large open world, Origins adopted elements from role-playing gameplay and incorporated an overhauled "hitbox-based" combat system.
The game's development began following the release of Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag (2013). Ubisoft Montreal led its four-year development with help from a team of nearly 700 people from other Ubisoft studios around the world. The team consulted Egyptologists and historians extensively to ensure the setting was authentically represented in the game. While Assassin's Creed had been an annual franchise since Assassin's Creed II (2009), an extra year of development time allowed the team to polish the game further. This was largely a response to the tepid sales of Syndicate, and the troubled launch of Unity, which was plagued with technical issues when it was released in 2014.
Announced at E3 2017, Origins was released on October 27, 2017, for Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. It received positive reviews from critics, with many calling it an improvement over previous entries and praising the story, characters, voice acting, reworked gameplay systems, world design, historical accuracy, and the visuals. The game drew criticism for its pacing, quest design, and technical issues. The game has sold over ten million units worldwide and was nominated for several end-of-year accolades. Ubisoft supported Origins extensively following its launch, releasing two paid expansions and a Discovery Tour, a series of guided tours that allow players to explore the world of Ptolemaic Egypt for educational purposes. The game was followed in October 2018 by Assassin's Creed Odyssey, which takes place in Ancient Greece during the Peloponnesian War.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: 81
