Titolo: Braid (video game)

Anno: 2008

Descrizione: Braid is a puzzle-platform video game developed by Number None and considered an indie title. The game was originally released in August 2008 for the Xbox 360's Xbox Live Arcade service. Ports were developed and released for Microsoft Windows in April 2009, Mac OS X in May 2009, PlayStation 3 in November 2009, and Linux in December 2010. Jonathan Blow designed the game as a personal critique of contemporary trends in video game development. He self-funded the three-year project, working with webcomic artist David Hellman to develop the artwork. An anniversary version is planned for release at a later date for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X/S, Nintendo Switch, Windows, Mac, and Linux with updated graphics and developer commentary.
The basic story elements in Braid unfold as the protagonist, Tim, attempts to rescue a princess from a monster. Text passages laid throughout the game reveal a multifaceted narrative, giving clues about Tim's contemplations and motivations. The game features traditionally defining aspects of the platform genre while also integrating various novel powers of time-manipulation. Using these abilities, the player progresses through the game by finding and assembling jigsaw puzzle pieces.
A preliminary version of Braid (without the final artwork) won the "Innovation in Game Design" award at the 2006 Independent Games Festival, while the final version received additional accolades. The game received critical acclaim, eventually becoming the highest rated title on Xbox Live. Some reviewers, however, criticized the game's price relative to its length of play. It is seen as a keystone title in the growth of indie game development, and Blow and its production were documented in the 2012 film, Indie Game: The Movie. The game had total revenue nearing $6 million, as of 2015, which Blow used to fund his next game, The Witness, a 3D puzzle game released in 2016. Braid is considered by critics as one of the greatest video games of all time.

Genere: Puzzle-platform 

Valutazione: N/A
