Titolo: Call of Juarez: Bound in Blood

Anno: 2009

Descrizione: Call of Juarez: Bound in Blood is a first-person shooter set in a Western milieu for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. Developed by Techland and published by Ubisoft, it was released in North America in June 2009 and in Australia and Europe in July. The game was also released on Steam. In December 2011, it was made available on the PlayStation Store and the Xbox Games Store, and in September 2019, it was released on GOG.com. It is the second game in the Call of Juarez series, although narratively, it is a prequel to the first game. The series would go on to include two additional games; Call of Juarez: The Cartel (set in the modern-day) and Call of Juarez: Gunslinger (narratively unrelated to the others, but set in the same milieu).
Taking place seventeen years prior to the first game, Bound in Blood focuses on the McCall brothers; Ray and Thomas, who are both sergeants in the Confederate States Army, fighting in the American Civil War. In August 1864, as the conflict is nearing its end, they abandon their post to try to save their family home. Labelled deserters, they go on the run with their younger brother William, a trainee priest. Two years later, hiding out in Mexico, they meet the bandit Juan 'Juarez' Mendoza and his girlfriend Marisa, and first encounter the legend of the Gold of Juarez. With their army commander still pursuing them for their desertion, they enter into a dangerous alliance with Mendoza and an Apache tribe in order to find the gold. However, both brothers soon find themselves falling in love with Marisa.
In making Bound in Blood, Techland looked at the reception of the first game, specifically what was popular and what was not. With this in mind, they removed the much-maligned stealth and platforming elements and foregrounded the well-received shoot 'em up elements. Drawing inspiration from a variety of films and television, they sought to make something that would fall somewhere between a Spaghetti Western and a more traditional classical Hollywood western. So whilst the game's violence is over the top, its themes were modelled after the real-life issues of the day, with the script touching upon such topics as the psychological effects of the American Civil War on those who fought it, Mexican banditry, racism, and white suppression and displacement of Native Americans.
Bound in Blood received mainly positive reviews. Most critics found it substantially better than the original, and many praised the plot, the shooting mechanics, the authentic western tone, the voice acting, and the multiplayer. Criticism tended to focus on poor enemy AI, repetitive level design, and, especially, the lack of any kind of co-op mode. Some critics also found the single-player campaign too short and easy. The game was a commercial success, selling over one million units worldwide across all three systems, considerably more than the first game.

Genere: First-person shooter

Valutazione: 77
