Titolo: Ciel Nosurge

Anno: 2012

Descrizione: Ciel Nosurge, full name Surge Concerto: Ciel nosurge (Japanese: シェルノサージュ〜失われた星へ捧ぐ詩〜, Hepburn: Sherunosāju 〜 Ushinawareta Hoshi e Sasagu Uta 〜), with the title translating to "World of the Girl -Requiem to a Lost Star-" is a life simulation video game for the PlayStation Vita developed by Gust. The player's objective is to help Ion, a girl with amnesia, regain her memories by entering her mind, which is shown as a broken world which the player can repair. Although not a continuation of the Ar tonelico series, it takes place in the same universe with many of the same elements and expands on the series mythos. The game was notably the first game to be developed by Gust after their merger with Koei Tecmo.
The game's first version was released on April 26, 2012. The original cart contained just the first episode of the game, with additional episodes gradually being released as downloadable content (DLC) via the PlayStation Network. Ciel nosurge Re:Incarnation, a re-release containing all of the original game's patches and DLC, including episodes one through four and a voucher to download episode five, was released on February 21, 2013. A total of twelve episodes were released in total, which are divided in three arcs: the Trials Arc, the Downfall Arc and the Empress Arc. An offline-only version of the game titled Ciel noSurge Offline was released on October 2, 2014. In September 2015, Koei Tecmo announced that all versions of the game would remain exclusive available to Japan, with the company having no intentions on translating or releasing it in any other regions or languages.A continuation of the series for the Vita and PlayStation 3, titled Ar Nosurge, was released on 6 March 2014. Despite Ciel Nosurge staying in Japan, the sequel, a JRPG, was later released in English regions.
A remastered version, Ciel Nosurge DX, was released on March 4, 2021, in Japan for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Microsoft Windows.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: N/A
