Titolo: Colin McRae Rally (2013 video game)

Anno: 2013

Descrizione: Colin McRae Rally is a rally racing video game developed and published by Codemasters. It was originally released for iOS mobile devices in June 2013, and then ported to Android devices and OS X and Windows personal computers (PCs) in 2014. Gameplay is similar to early iterations of the series with content predominantly taken from the 2000 title Colin McRae Rally 2.0. Players can drive cars and participate in point-to-point rally events, competing against times recorded by computer drivers. Stages take place in several different locations with varied terrain like tarmac and gravel. The game features damage modelling and chassis deformation effects that can be sustained from collisions.
The title marked Codemasters' debut in developing a mobile game internally. The goal of the project was to create a core, rally racing experience for mobile devices. The development team chose to use Colin McRae Rally 2.0 as the foundation, taking its tracks, driving model, and pacenotes for the new title. Original vehicle models were reused but aspects of the game's graphics were enhanced to provide the higher visual quality expected by modern standards. Numerous sound assets were replaced with samples from other Codemasters driving games.
Compared to the positive reception to previous games in the series, reception towards the 2013 release was mixed. The primary criticism among professional reviewers was the lack of content and omission of important features. However, the attempt to replicate the driving experience of classic Colin McRae Rally games was complimented. Critics generally believed that the level of difficulty and realistic driving model would appease rally fans and experienced players but might deter beginners. Upon release, the PC version was received negatively by players who were not expecting a mobile game port. The reaction prompted Codemasters to offer refunds to the players.

Genere: Racing 

Valutazione: N/A
