Titolo: Cybermorph

Anno: 1993

Descrizione: Cybermorph is a shooter video game developed by Attention to Detail and published by Atari Corporation exclusively for the Atari Jaguar first in North America on November 23, 1993, where it was included as the pack-in game for the console when it launched. It was later released in Europe on June 23, 1994 and finally in Japan as a stand-alone release on December 15 of the same year, where it was published by Mumin Corporation.
The player takes control of a morphing fighter craft prototype named the Transmogriffon (shortened to TGriffon during the game's mission briefs), with an on-board artificial intelligence called Skylar, to battle in The Galactic War against the Pernitia Empire, who have seized information and supplies of the Resistance into pods within planets dominated by them that need to be freed to defeat the empire. Being one of the first titles released for the system, Cybermorph is widely believed to have been originally in development for the Atari Panther and ported to the Jaguar when the project was terminated by Atari Corp., instead the project originated as a demo for the abandoned Konix Multisystem console. Two versions of the game were released, with minor differences between them; the pack-in version (copyrighted 1993 on the label) is a two-megabyte (MB) cartridge, while the later version (copyrighted 1994 on the label) is a one MB cartridge, which excludes the introduction and ending animation sequences and has fewer voice samples compared to the original release.
Cybermorph received divisive reviews when it launched, with critics praising the graphics, semi-open ended levels and gameplay, while others criticized the sound quality, lack of in-game music, repetitive nature of the missions and Skylar herself for not being helpful and constantly reminding players when they crash into objects. Critics also compared the game with Star Fox, which was released months prior on the SNES. Nevertheless, the game was named "Viewpoint Game of the Month" by GameFan. By April 1, 1995, the stand-alone version has sold nearly 2,000 copies though it is unknown how many were sold in total during its lifetime. A sequel, Battlemorph, was released in December 1995 for the Atari Jaguar CD, taking place 30 years after the events occurred in this game.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: N/A
