Titolo: Da Capo (video game)

Anno: 2002

Descrizione: Da Capo (〜ダ・カーポ〜, Da Kāpo, commonly abbreviated as D.C.) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Circus's division Circus Northern which was released as a limited edition on June 28, 2002 playable on Windows as a CD-ROM; a DVD-ROM version followed on July 26, 2002. An English release was scheduled for December 25, 2008, and the game was available for a brief time on that date, but the title was pulled until January 20, 2009. Da Capo began as a series of prelude short scenarios in the Suika fandisc Archimedes no Wasuremono, and since the initial release, there have been numerous different versions released for Windows and PlayStation 2 over the years with updated scenarios and characters. The gameplay in Da Capo follows a plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the seven female main characters.
Circus described Da Capo as a "ticklish school romance adventure" (こそばゆい学園恋愛アドベンチャー, kosobayui gakuen renai adobenchā). A sequel set 53 years after the end of Da Capo, Da Capo II, was released on May 26, 2006 and features a new cast of characters living two generations after the original. Da Capo is set on a fictional island in modern Japan, Hatsunejima (初音島), where the sakura trees are always in full blossom. Da capo is an Italian musical term meaning "from the beginning", and the game was such named with parts of the storyline looping before approaching the true end.
There have been numerous adaptations into other media. Two manga series were serialized between 2003 and 2006 in Kadokawa Shoten's Comptiq magazine illustrated by different manga artists. Two anime series, produced by different animation studios and directed by different directors, were produced in 2003 and 2005, each containing 26 episodes. Two radio shows, five novel adaptations, four drama CD adaptations, and an original video animation series have also been produced.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: N/A
