Titolo: Days Gone

Anno: 2019

Descrizione: Days Gone is a 2019 action-adventure video game developed by Bend Studio and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment. The game is set in post-apocalyptic Oregon two years after the start of a pandemic. Former outlaw-turned-drifter Deacon St. John discovers his wife Sarah, having been assumed dead, may still be alive and goes on a quest to find her. Days Gone is played from a third-person perspective in which the player can explore an open world environment. Players can use firearms, melee weapons and improvised weapons, and can use stealth to defend themselves against hostile humans and cannibalistic creatures known as freakers. A major game mechanic is Deacon's motorcycle, which is used as the player character's main mode of transportation and mobile inventory.
Days Gone was Bend Studio's first open-world project, its first original property since Syphon Filter (1999),  and its first development project for home consoles after spending decades working on spinoff games for handheld consoles. The game's development took approximately six years; Bend Studio expanded nearly three-fold to support it. Major sources of inspiration for Days Gone were World War Z, The Walking Dead and Sons of Anarchy. The game was officially unveiled at E3 2016; its release was originally planned for 2018 but was delayed several times.
The game was released in April 2019 for PlayStation 4 and in May 2021 for Windows. Upon release, it received mixed  reviews from critics, who criticized the story, mission design and technical issues but praised the graphics, artificial intelligence and Sam Witwer's performance as Deacon. It is often regarded as one of the weaker first-party games Sony delivered during the PlayStation 4 generation. Despite not being as well-received, Days Gone was a commercial success; it sold more copies than all of Bend Studio's previous games combined and became the 19th-best-selling game of 2019 in the US. In 2021, it was reported that the development team had unsuccessfully pitched a sequel to Sony.

Genere: Action-adventure 

Valutazione: 71
