Titolo: Deadly Premonition

Anno: 2010

Descrizione: Deadly Premonition is an open world survival horror video game developed by Access Games. Set in the fictional, rural American town of Greenvale, Washington, the story follows FBI Special Agent Francis York Morgan as he investigates the murder of an eighteen-year-old woman, which bears similarities to a series of murders across the country. Deadly Premonition was originally released in February 2010 for Xbox 360 and in March 2010 for PlayStation 3; the Xbox 360 version was published by Ignition Entertainment in North America, Marvelous Entertainment in Japan, and Rising Star Games in Europe. Marvelous Entertainment released the PlayStation 3 version exclusively in Japan. A director's cut edition for PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Windows was released worldwide by Rising Star Games in 2013. A port for the Nintendo Switch, Deadly Premonition: Origins, followed in 2019.
Deadly Premonition is a reboot of Access Games' earlier video game Rainy Woods. In production from September 2004 to October 2007, Rainy Woods was cancelled soon after its debut at the 2007 Tokyo Game Show due to technical issues. Deadly Premonition combined its assets with a new game scenario and protagonist, Francis York Morgan. Gameplay is divided into York's detective investigation into Greenvale and its inhabitants, and supernatural combat sequences in which York must battle or evade otherworldly beings. Development on Deadly Premonition's setting was guided by an intention to imbue the game with a sense of realism: the non-player characters follow an individualized 24-hour schedule, and the scale of Greenvale is intended to replicate that of a rural American town. Issues with memory allocation, various lighting and shadow aspects, and the physics engine PhysX were faced during development.
Deadly Premonition received wildly varying critical reviews and holds the Guinness World Record for the most critically polarizing survival horror game. Although the original release has not been commercially successful, Deadly Premonition has garnered a cult following and has been cited as an example of games as art. A sequel, Deadly Premonition 2: A Blessing in Disguise, for Nintendo Switch, was released on July 10, 2020.

Genere: Survival horror

Valutazione: 64
