Titolo: Dead Space (video game)

Anno: 2008

Descrizione: Dead Space is a 2008 survival horror video game developed by EA Redwood Shores and published by Electronic Arts for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows. Released in October 2008, the title was the first in the Dead Space franchise and drew inspiration from other works of horror, notably Resident Evil 4 and the Silent Hill series.
Set on a mining spaceship overrun by monsters called Necromorphs, the player controls engineer Isaac Clarke from the third-person perspective as he navigates the spaceship, fights Necromorphs, and struggles with increasing psychosis. The player explores areas on the station through a chapter-based narrative, solving environmental puzzles while finding ammunition and equipment to survive. Isaac wields engineering equipment as weapons.
Dead Space was pitched in early 2006 and fit Electronic Arts' priority of creating new intellectual properties. A prototype of the game was developed for the original Xbox console and lasted 18 months. The team aimed for realism and innovation in their design. In the pursuit of these goals, the team removed set spawn points for enemies and omitted the heads-up display in favor of presenting information in the world. Immersive and frightening sound design was a large priority during production, and the score by Jason Graves was noted by critics to successfully evoke tension and unease.
Dead Space debuted weak in sales but eventually sold over a million copies worldwide. The game was met with critical acclaim: reviewers praised its atmosphere, gameplay and sound design. It won and was nominated for multiple industry awards and has been ranked by journalists as one of the greatest video games ever made. It spawned two numbered sequels (released in 2011 and 2013), several spin-off titles, and other related media, including a comic book prequel and an animated film. A remake of Dead Space is currently in development by EA's Motive Studios, set for release in 2022.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: N/A
