Titolo: Destiny 2: Shadowkeep

Anno: 2019

Descrizione: Destiny 2: Shadowkeep is the fourth expansion for Destiny 2, a first-person shooter video game developed by Bungie. Released on October 1, 2019, it was the first major expansion to be published independently by Bungie after acquiring publishing rights for the series from Activision in early 2019, as well as the first to arrive on Steam rather than the Battle.net client which had been used since Destiny 2's launch. The expansion returns players to Earth's Moon as a playable destination, with the location reprised and expanded upon from the original version of the first Destiny game. The story sees the return of Eris Morn, who had been absent since the events of Destiny 2's original base campaign. Eris seeks the help of the Guardian in defeating "Nightmares" that she released into the Solar System, which are manifestations of the Guardian's past. Players face off against their previous adversaries, which are being resurrected by the Darkness, the ancient enemy of the Traveler. Throughout the story, Eris and the Guardian work together to figure out the cause of this unleashed madness and do what they can to put a stop to it. Shadowkeep includes new content for every aspect of the game; including new missions, new Player versus Environment (PvE) locations, Player versus Player (PvP) maps, weapons, armor, exotic gear, a new dungeon, a new raid, as well as further fundamental changes to the core functionality of the game, including a revamped armor system.
Alongside Shadowkeep, the original Destiny 2 base game was re-released as a free-to-play title called Destiny 2: New Light. At the time, this free-to-play version featured all of the content of the original Destiny 2 base game, as well as the content from the first two expansions, Curse of Osiris and Warmind, among various other PvE and PvP activities—much of this content, however, was removed from the game when Beyond Light released in November 2020. Shadowkeep and all future expansions and seasonal passes (including the previous expansion Forsaken) are viewed as standalone releases and do not require the purchase of previous premium content; they only require owning the free-to-play New Light. Shadowkeep had four seasonal content offerings for Year 3 of the game: Season of the Undying, which was available alongside Shadowkeep, Season of Dawn in December 2019, Season of the Worthy in March 2020, and Season of Arrivals in June 2020.

Genere: Action role-playing 

Valutazione: 74
