Titolo: Devil May Cry 5

Anno: 2019

Descrizione: Devil May Cry 5 is a 2019 action-adventure game developed and published by Capcom. It is the sixth installment overall and the fifth mainline installment in the Devil May Cry series. Capcom released it for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One on 8 March 2019. The game takes place five years after Devil May Cry 4 and follows a trio of warriors with demonic powers, the returning Dante, Nero, and a new protagonist named V, as they attempt to stop the Demon King Urizen from destroying the human world. Across their journey in Red Grave City, the player can use these characters in different missions. Each of them has their own way of fighting and becoming stronger. As this happens, the mystery behind V is revealed, along with his connection with Urizen.
Devil May Cry 5 was directed by Hideaki Itsuno whose goal was for this installment to be his best work. He aimed to balance the game for newcomers and returning gamers by providing various difficulties and challenges. Capcom also wanted to bring a more realistic design inspired by the RE Engine used in their previous work, Resident Evil 7: Biohazard. As a result, real-life people were used to make the character's faces. The plot was written by returning writer Bingo Morihashi while the setting was based on various locations in London. Multiple composers worked together to produce the game's audio, creating three main themes centered around the playable characters.
Devil May Cry 5 received positive reviews from critics, praising the variety of techniques the three characters bring while also liking the handling of the narrative. The game won multiple game awards in both 2019 and 2020, sold over two million copies less than two weeks after its release, and surpassed three million in a year, becoming the top-selling game in the franchise. A light novel and manga related to the game by Morihashi have also been released. An expanded version called Devil May Cry 5: Special Edition was released for PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S in November 2020, featuring the addition of Vergil as a playable character. For players on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One, Vergil is available as paid downloadable content.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: 87
