Titolo: Dishonored: Death of the Outsider

Anno: 2017

Descrizione: Dishonored: Death of the Outsider is an action-adventure stealth video game developed by Arkane Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks. It is a standalone expansion pack following Dishonored 2, and was released 15 September 2017 on Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. The game takes place in the coastal city of Karnaca after the events of the previous title. It follows the former assassin Billie Lurk as she reunites with her mentor Daud and come up with a plan to kill the mysterious entity known as The Outsider. The game is played from a first-person perspective and the player has access to a variety of supernatural abilities to complete missions in a multitude of ways, from stealth to purposeful violent conflict.
Death of the Outsider was originally planned as a downloadable content for Dishonored 2, but became a standalone expansion after the team decided to explore different approaches with its story and gameplay. Lurk was chosen as the protagonist for being a favorite with the developers. The narrative was conceived to tie loose ends left by the previous games, offer a different perspective to the player and end the narrative arc that began with the original Dishonored. Gameplay elements were reformulated or completely removed to differentiate the game from its predecessors, adapt it to the standalone expansion format and encourage the player to experiment and explore their choices.
The game was announced during the Bethesda press conference at E3 2017. Death of the Outsider was well-received by the critics, who praised its game design and considered it a suitable conclusion to the Dishonored series up until that point. However, criticism was focused on its narrative and levels which were considered unremarkable when compared to previous titles in the series. The game was nominated for some industry awards, including Outstanding Achievement in Videogame Writing at the Writers Guild of America Awards. After its release, Arkane Studios announced that the Dishonored series would be entering a hiatus.

Genere: Action-adventure 

Valutazione: 82
