Titolo: DmC: Devil May Cry

Anno: 2013

Descrizione: DmC: Devil May Cry is a 2013 action-adventure game developed by Ninja Theory and published by Capcom. Released in January for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Microsoft Windows, it is a reboot of the Devil May Cry series. Announced in late 2010 during the Tokyo Game Show, the game is set in a parallel universe to the mainline Devil May Cry series.
The game's story focuses on the player character Dante, a young drifter who secretly hunts demons, who live among and rule over humans. Dante is a Nephilim, the child of an angel and a demon. He is reunited with Vergil, his twin brother, who enlists his help slaying powerful demons, culminating in a fight against Mundus, the demon king who murdered Dante's mother and condemned his father to eternal banishment and suffering. Players can use Dante's iconic sword, Rebellion, and signature handguns, Ebony and Ivory, as well as a variety of other melee weapons and firearms to defeat enemies. The game also introduces "Angel Mode" and "Demon Mode", which are modifiers to Dante's moveset.
The re-imagination of the Devil May Cry series was requested by Capcom, resulting in a total reboot. Capcom chose Ninja Theory to develop the game, assisting them to ensure that gameplay was reminiscent, but distinct, compared to previous titles. Early reaction to the game was widely negative, generally as a result of Dante's visual redesign and the drastic change in the tone of his character; nevertheless, DmC received positive reviews from critics upon release, but less favorable reception among fans. Critics praised the gameplay, art style, and story of the game.
A DLC expansion for the game, titled Vergil's Downfall, which takes place after the main game and features Dante's brother Vergil as the playable character, was released on 23 March 2013. A remastered edition of the full game, titled DmC: Definitive Edition, running at 1080p/60fps and including all downloadable content, new costumes and new gameplay features such as a manual targeting system, was released for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on 10 March 2015. The Definitive Edition and the original PC version were developed by QLOC.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: 80
