Titolo: Donkey Kong 64

Anno: 1999

Descrizione: Donkey Kong 64 is a 1999 platform game developed by Rare and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64. It is the first Donkey Kong game with 3D gameplay. As the gorilla Donkey Kong, the player explores the themed levels of an island to collect items and rescue his kidnapped friends from King K. Rool. The player completes minigames and puzzles as five playable Kong characters—each with their own special abilities—to receive bananas and other collectibles. In a separate multiplayer mode, up to four players can compete in deathmatch and last man standing games.
Rare had previously created the Donkey Kong Country series, and began working on Donkey Kong 64 in 1997, although production restarted halfway through the three-year development cycle. A 16-person team, with many recruits from Rare's Banjo group, finished the game in 1999, when it was published by Nintendo in North America in November and worldwide in December. It is the first game to require the Nintendo 64 console's Expansion Pak which adds RAM. The game's exceptionally large marketing budget included advertisements, sweepstakes, and a national tour.
The game received universal acclaim and was Nintendo's top seller during the 1999 holiday season, with 2.3 million units sold by 2004. It won the 1999 E3 Game Critics award for Best Platform Game, and multiple awards and nominations from magazines. Reviewers noted the game's exceptional size and length, but criticized its camera controls and emphasis on item collection and backtracking. Some cited its similarity in gameplay and visuals to Rare's 1998 predecessor, Banjo-Kazooie. Critics said it did not match the revolutionary impact of Donkey Kong Country, but remained among the best 3D platform games on the console.
It became emblematic of the tedium in Rare's "collect-a-thon" adventure platformers. The introductory "DK Rap" is often cited as among the worst video game songs but made a comeback decades later. Donkey Kong 64 was rereleased on Nintendo's Wii U Virtual Console in 2015.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: N/A
