Titolo: Dream Chronicles: The Book of Air

Anno: 2010

Descrizione: Dream Chronicles: The Book of Air (often shortened to Dream Chronicles 4 or The Book of Air) is a 2010 adventure and puzzle casual game developed by KatGames, originally published by PlayFirst. It is the fourth installment in the Dream Chronicles series, the third sequel to 2007's award-winning game Dream Chronicles, and the opening part of the second unfinished trilogy titled Lyra's Destiny.
Re-opening the story ten years after the conclusion of the third game, Dream Chronicles: The Chosen Child, players now take on the role of Lyra, whose daughter of the previous main character Faye, as her destiny unfolds. Set in a mystical world of realistic fantasy where mortal and fairy realms collide, the game opens on the eve of Lyra’s 18th birthday when she is magically transported to an alternate dimension. Following clues left behind by her grandfather and taking the helm of a flying airship, Lyra explores the mystical landmarks of the gorgeous, yet mysterious Dream world, in search of the mystical Clockmaker who is the only one that can restore time and return her to her family.The Book of Air was first presented limitedly as a beta version on March 12, 2010. It was released worldwide as a digital download under two editions, Collector's and Standard, on June 24 and July 8, 2010 respectively by PlayFirst. Each edition was quickly available on PlayFirst's exclusive partner, Big Fish Games, on the following day of each release date. Both editions feature the optional double-mode game, while the Collector's one contains an extra location, seven mini-puzzles, some concept artworks, six wallpapers, the game soundtrack, a detailed walkthrough, a PC screensaver, and a sneak peek (actually some artworks) at the fifth game The Book of Water. On May 5, 2011, a high-definition version of this game was available via App Store for iPad device, becoming the first game in the series to be released there.
Unlike three previous games, it was met with mixed to positive reviews from casual game critics, describing it as "a beautiful point-and-click fantasy game that mixes puzzles and slight hidden object hunting to create a beautiful adventure series," though they criticized it for not matching the highly-polished standards of three previous games and its very short length. The game itself still proved to be commercially successful, and reached the top of seven major casual game charts. The Book of Air spawned a direct sequel named Dream Chronicles: The Book of Water (2011).

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: N/A
