Titolo: Dream Chronicles 2: The Eternal Maze

Anno: 2008

Descrizione: Dream Chronicles 2: The Eternal Maze (also known as Dream Chronicles: The Eternal Maze, and often shortened to Dream Chronicles 2 or The Eternal Maze) is a 2008 adventure, hidden object, and puzzle casual game developed by KatGames and originally published by PlayFirst. It is the first sequel to 2007's award-winning game Dream Chronicles, also the second installment in the Dream Chronicles series, plus the middle part of the first trilogy called Faye's Journey.
The game is set in a mystical world of realistic fantasy where mortal and fairy realms collide, and picks up where the original Dream Chronicles ended. Dream Chronicles 2 tells the story of a mortal woman named Faye who wakes up from a powerful fairy's dream spell, and continues the quest to save her kidnapped fairy husband and imprisoned daughter. With the help of her mother-in-law, Faye travels deep into the Fairy Realm, where no mortal has ever entered, which contains many magical locks and puzzles. Upon solving them, the answers provide clues that help Faye to restore her family, and eventually unravels the mystery of the strange realm.Dream Chronicles 2 was first presented limitedly as a beta version on December 8, 2007. It was officially released worldwide as a digital download on February 14, 2008. Similar to its predecessor, Dream Chronicles 2 became a casual game hit soon after its initial release, reaching number-one of seven major casual game charts and peaking inside top ten on many other game charts. It was critically appreciated by casual game critics, with some called it "an endearing, intriguing and original quest, a fairy-tale that both enchants and entertains from beginning to end." It also won two awards, "Top Adventure Game of 2008" and "Best World Design", in the first annual RealArcade Great Games Awards held in mid-2009. Dream Chronicles 2 was preceded by the original Dream Chronicles (2007) and followed by Dream Chronicles: The Chosen Child (2009).
On June 13, 2012, a high-definition version of this game was available via App Store for iPad device.

Genere: Adventure 

Valutazione: N/A
