Titolo: Far Cry 4

Anno: 2014

Descrizione: Far Cry 4 is a 2014 first-person shooter game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It is the successor to the 2012 video game Far Cry 3, and the fourth main installment in the Far Cry series. The game takes place in Kyrat, a fictional Himalayan country. The main story follows Ajay Ghale, a young Kyrati-American, as he is caught in a civil war involving Kyrat's Royal Army, controlled by tyrannical king Pagan Min, and a rebel movement called the Golden Path. Gameplay focuses on combat and exploration; players battle enemy soldiers and dangerous wildlife using a wide array of weapons. The game features many elements found in role-playing games, such as a branching storyline and side quests. The game also features a map editor and both cooperative and competitive multiplayer modes.
Announced in May 2014, development on Far Cry 4 began immediately after the shipment of Assassin's Creed III in late 2012. The team originally intended to develop a direct sequel to Far Cry 3 that continues 3's story, but the idea was later scrapped and the team decided to develop a new setting and new story for the game. Certain aspects of Far Cry 4 were inspired by the Nepalese Civil War, and the design of the game's antagonist Pagan Min was inspired by Japanese films Ichi the Killer and Brother. Troy Baker was hired to portray Pagan Min. The game's competitive multiplayer was created by Red Storm Entertainment while the Shangri-La segments in the campaign were handled by Ubisoft Toronto. 
The game was released for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, and  Microsoft Windows in November 2014. Far Cry 4 was met with a mostly positive critical reception upon release. Critics praised the open world design, visuals, soundtrack, and characters as well as new gameplay additions and the wealth of content. However, some critics disliked the story and found the game too similar to its predecessor. The game was a commercial success, selling seven million copies by the end of 2014, and was the biggest launch in the franchise's history. Several releases of downloadable content were subsequently published. A successor, Far Cry 5, was released in March 2018.

Genere: First-person shooter

Valutazione: 75
