Titolo: Far Cry 6

Anno: 2021

Descrizione: Far Cry 6 is a 2021 action-adventure first-person shooter game developed by Ubisoft Toronto and published by Ubisoft. It is the sixth main installment in the Far Cry series and the successor to 2018's Far Cry 5. The game is set on the fictional Caribbean island of Yara, ruled as a dictatorship by "El Presidente" Antón Castillo (portrayed by Giancarlo Esposito) who is raising his son Diego (Anthony Gonzalez) to follow in his rule. Players take on the role of guerilla fighter Dani Rojas (voiced by either Nisa Gunduz or Sean Rey), attempting to topple Castillo and his regime. Gameplay focuses on combat and exploration; players fight enemy soldiers and dangerous wildlife using a wide array of weapons and gadgets. The game features many elements found in role-playing games, such as a leveling up system and side quests. It also features a cooperative multiplayer mode.
Development of Far Cry 6 began around 2016 and was extensive. The team studied several revolutions of recent history for the game's narrative, primarily the Cuban Revolution of 1953–1959. The game was designed to be 'political', covering themes such as the rise of fascism in a nation, the costs of imperialism, and the need for free-and-fair elections, in response to the controversy generated by Far Cry 5. The development team also sought to bring back several elements from earlier Far Cry titles such as a tropical setting and a fully voiced protagonist. The game was first teased by Esposito in July 2020, and officially announced later that month, at the Ubisoft Forward online event.
Far Cry 6 was released worldwide for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X/S, Stadia, and Amazon Luna on October 7, 2021. It received a generally mixed reception, with critics praising the setting, visuals, Esposito's performance, and the small improvements brought to the series' gameplay formula, but criticizing its lack of innovation and aging design. Several releases of downloadable content were subsequently published, including three expansion packs following antagonists from past Far Cry games.



Genere: First-person shooter

Valutazione: 68
