Titolo: Five Nights at Freddy's: Help Wanted

Anno: 2019

Descrizione: Five Nights at Freddy's: Help Wanted (alternatively known as Five Nights at Freddy's 8) is a 2019 virtual reality survival horror video game developed by Steel Wool Studios and published by ScottGames. It is the eighth main game in the Five Nights at Freddy's series and the ninth installment overall, and presents itself as "The Freddy Fazbear Virtual Experience", produced for the fictitious corporative entity Fazbear Entertainment to help improve its public image after a series of debilitating lawsuits, following several incidents and disasters that allegedly occurred at their various locations.
Gameplay is presented from the first-person perspective and focuses on a series of minigames based on previous games in the series, in which the player must evade attacks from sentient animatronics. The game's canon establishes that Fazbear Entertainment hired an unnamed indie developer to create a video game series based on the events of the previous seven games, before cutting ties with him, and commissioned a virtual reality game meant to make light of the rumors and convince players that those events were completely fictitious.Development of Five Nights at Freddy's: Help Wanted, the first licensed game by Steel Wool Studios, began in 2018 and took less than a year. The game's design took inspiration from the history of Five Nights at Freddy's across all media. First announced in August 2018, the game was released on May 28, 2019 for HTC Vive and Oculus Rift headsets on Microsoft Windows, and PlayStation VR headsets on PlayStation 4. A non-VR version of the game was released for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation 4 on December 17, 2019. A Nintendo Switch port was released on May 21, 2020. An Oculus Quest port was released on July 16, 2020. An Android port was released on October 26, 2020 and an iOS port was released the following day. An Xbox One port was then released three days later. The game received generally positive reviews from critics, who praised it for its narrative, content, voice performance and original soundtrack.  and is among the top selling virtual reality games on Steam. Downloadable content, Curse of Dreadbear, was released on October 23, 2019.  A spin-off set after the events of the game, Five Nights at Freddy's: Special Delivery, was released on November 25, 2019 for Android and iOS, while a main game sequel, Five Nights at Freddy's: Security Breach, was released on December 16, 2021.



Genere: Virtual reality

Valutazione: 66
