Titolo: Garōden

Anno: 2007

Descrizione: Garōden (餓狼伝) is a series of Japanese martial arts novels by Baku Yumemakura that have been published for 36 years with the latest (Shin Garōden 5) being released in October 2020. The first part being 13 volumes and the second part is 5 volumes so far. They have been adapted as a feature film, two manga—by Jirō Taniguchi and by Keisuke Itagaki (of Baki the Grappler fame)—and two video games. The film was released on January 25, 1995. The two video games are Garōden Breakblow (餓狼伝 Breakblow) (ja), released November 17, 2005 and Garōden Breakblow Fist or Twist (餓狼伝 Breakblow Fist or Twist) (ja), released March 15, 2007, both for PlayStation 2. The author hinted in the latest volume that the Garōden series " is getting close to its end" maybe by next volume or the following after that. The usual frequency of publication is one every four years.
Fighting expert Bunshichi Tanba enjoys defeating TV fighting champions and celebrities on the street until he stumbles into the underground wrestling club known as FAW (Federation of Amateur Wrestling). Unfortunately, there he's defeated by a wrestling world underdog and forces himself to improve before seeks his rematch.
Years later he returns better than ever and his fights attract the attention of the two "monsters" of the fighting world that are constantly in competition with each other, Makoto "the great" Tatsumi, owner of the FAW and with a power and charisma unrivaled in the ring, and "the demon of karate" Matsuo Shozan, owner of the best Karate schools in Japan and with a power and speed that's almost godlike.
Both will try to recruit Tanba to their own side and Tanba will experience a fighting world like he has never seen, with friends and rivals everywhere, he must have to step to the many challenges that present in front of him, also it has the special appearance of other martial arts characters from his other fighting novel series, the gate of the lions.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: N/A
