Titolo: Groove Coaster

Anno: 2011

Descrizione: The Groove Coaster series is an iOS / Android and arcade rhythm game franchise developed by Matrix Software and published by Taito.The first Groove Coaster was released for iOS on July 28, 2011.
Groove Coaster Zero is a free-to-play updated version of the game released on November 20, 2012.The Groove Coaster arcade version (known as Rhythmvaders in some areas outside Japan) was released on November 5, 2013, with the touchscreen replaced by two giant controllers called "BOOSTERs" with a white button on each.
Groove Coaster EX (known as Rhythmvaders EX in some areas outside Japan) is an update of the arcade version released on May 26, 2014.
Groove Coaster 2: Heavenly Festival (known as Rhythmvaders 2 in some areas outside Japan) was released on January 22, 2015, in which the "LEVEL" system was removed and was replaced by a new system called the "GROOVE COIN" system, in which players can get "GROOVE COINs" according to their performance and use them as currency for virtual goods.
Groove Coaster 2: Original Style was released on iOS and Android on July 1, 2015. In this version, stage charts from arcade version are added for some tracks, which makes two-finger play available. A new input mode is introduced, in which players play the stages by making sound instead of touching the screen.
Groove Coaster 3: Link Fever was released on March 10, 2016, in which an online multiplayer system is added and the "MUSIC PANEL" system is removed. A fictional navigator, Linka (リンカ, voiced by Moe Toyota in Japanese version and Jennifer Skidmore in overseas versions), who will guide the player throughout the whole playthrough, is introduced as well.
Groove Coaster 3EX: Dream Party was released on March 16, 2017. In this version, the player is allowed to select the navigators. A new navigator, Yume (ユメ, voiced by Nanami Takahashi in Japanese version) is added as well. Also, Solo Event Mode, similar to the one until 2HF, returned in 3EXDP.
Groove Coaster 4: Starlight Road, was released on March 29, 2018, with a brand new "LEVEL" system, in which the Difficulty level range is re-arranged from 1 to 15, a new stage unlocking system, and various new functions online. A new navigator for 4SR, named Seine (voiced by Eriko Kawakami), is introduced as well.
Groove Coaster was released on Steam on July 16, 2018.Groove Coaster: Wai Wai Party!!!! was released on Nintendo Switch on November 7, 2019.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: 82
