Titolo: Gundam: Battle Assault (video game)

Anno: 1998

Descrizione: Gundam: Battle Assault is a 1998 fighting video game developed by Natsume and published by Bandai for the PlayStation. Based on the Gundam franchise, it is a follow-up to Gundam: The Battle Master (1997), which was released only in Japan. The plot involves Heero Yuy, protagonist of Mobile Suit Gundam Wing and pilot of the XXXG-01W Wing Gundam, on a mission to destroy remaining enemy Mobile Suits under command of Treize Khushrenada to stop a war from starting. Its gameplay consists of one-on-one fights, with a main six-button configuration, featuring special moves and two playable modes, while players can select any available mech to battle against enemies in story mode.
Gundam: Battle Assault was developed by most of the same team at Natsume who previously worked on Shin Kidō Senki Gundam Wing: Endless Duel (1996) for Super Famicom and The Battle Master (1997) for PlayStation. The game was first released in Japan as Gundam: The Battle Master 2 and featured original characters and plot, revolving around Mobile Suit bounty hunter Gloria stumbling upon an amnesiac child called Pixie, who is the subject of attacks from enemies. When Gundam Wing began airing on Cartoon Network in the United States, Bandai localized The Battle Master 2 as Battle Assault for English-speaking audiences, replacing the original cast with characters from other Gundam series while featuring modified dialogue and plot for its story mode, among other changes. The localized version was later released in Japan.
Gundam: Battle Assault was met with mixed reception from critics; common criticism were towards the presentation, slow-paced gameplay, story mode and lack of replay value, with most reviewers feeling mixed in regards to the audio, although it received praise for its visuals and character roster due to the large mech sprites and their animations. The game sold approximately 33,092 copies combined during its lifespan in Japan. A follow-up, Gundam: Battle Assault 2, was released for the PlayStation in 2002.



Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: N/A
