Titolo: Jurassic World Evolution

Anno: 2018

Descrizione: Jurassic World Evolution is a construction and management simulation video game developed and published by Frontier Developments. Based on the 2015 film Jurassic World, the game was released in June 2018, for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. A Nintendo Switch port of the game was released in November 2020. In the game, players construct a dinosaur park on Las Cinco Muertes Archipelago, a group of five islands also known as the "Five Deaths". The game features more than 40 types of dinosaurs; their genes can be modified to introduce new features. Players are given contracts to fulfill by three divisions, Science, Security and Entertainment, allowing them to progress. A sandbox mode set on Isla Nublar, the setting of the first and fourth films, can be unlocked. It can also be used from the main menu without having to be unlocked.
The game was created by a development team of approximately 100 people with a budget of around £8 million. Its development began in 2016, after NBCUniversal approached Frontier Developments about creating a game to accompany the theatrical release of Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom. To do this, Frontier staff inspected different dinosaur models and reference materials sent by Universal, watched the Jurassic Park films, read the novels and fan theories. The team consulted paleontologist Jack Horner when they designed the dinosaurs. Jeff Goldblum, Bryce Dallas Howard and BD Wong reprised their roles from the Jurassic Park film series, voicing remarks to players and contributing to the game's narrative.
Announced at Gamescom 2017, the game received a generally mixed critical reception. Critics praised its dinosaur designs and graphics, but the game's contracts, simulation and management gameplay were less well-received. The game's tutorial and learning curve were also criticized. Seven months after its initial release, the game had sold two million copies through digital and physical sales, making it the most successful game launched by Frontier. The game was supported with free updates and downloadable content upon release. As of March 2020, the game had sold three million copies. A sequel, Jurassic World Evolution 2, was released on November 9, 2021.

Genere: Business simulation 

Valutazione: 74
