Titolo: Kid Icarus: Uprising

Anno: 2012

Descrizione: Kid Icarus: Uprising is a third-person shooter video game developed by Sora Ltd. and Project Sora and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS. Released worldwide in March 2012, it is the third installment in the Kid Icarus franchise, the first to be released since Kid Icarus: Of Myths and Monsters in 1991, and the first worldwide release since the original NES game in 1986. It is also the only video game to be made by Project Sora before shutting down in mid-2012.
Kid Icarus: Uprising takes place in a setting based loosely around Greek mythology. The main protagonist is the angel Pit, servant of the Goddess of Light Palutena. When the Goddess of Darkness Medusa returns to destroy humanity, Pit goes on missions first against her, then against the forces of Hades, Lord of the Underworld and the source behind Medusa's return. During gameplay, players control Pit during airborne rail shooter segments and ground-based third-person shooter segments. In addition to the single-player campaign, various collectable and unlockable items can be obtained, and several multiplayer modes are available for up to six players.
Uprising was created by Masahiro Sakurai after receiving a request from Satoru Iwata to create a launch title for the then in-development Nintendo 3DS. Development began in 2009, but was faced with multiple difficulties which included lack of access to the hardware in its early stages, balancing between its many elements, and issues with the control scheme. Sakurai took responsibility for writing the story himself, which retained the lighthearted tone of the first Kid Icarus game while keeping the gameplay uninterrupted. The music was created by a team of composers that included Motoi Sakuraba, Yuzo Koshiro, and Yasunori Mitsuda. 
Since release, Uprising has sold over a million copies worldwide and was met with mainly positive reviews; praise was given to the story, graphics, music, and gameplay, although the control scheme was frequently criticized. Elements from the game were prominently featured in the Super Smash Bros. series from its fourth installment onwards.

Genere: Third-person shooter

Valutazione: N/A
