Titolo: Life Is Strange (video game)

Anno: 2015

Descrizione: Life Is Strange is an episodic graphic adventure video game developed by Dontnod Entertainment and published by Square Enix's European subsidiary for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One. The first installment of the Life Is Strange series, the game was released in five episodes periodically throughout 2015. It was ported to OS X and Linux in 2016 and iOS and Android in 2017–2018.
The plot focuses on Max Caulfield, an 18-year-old photography student who discovers that she has the ability to rewind time at any moment, leading her every choice to enact the butterfly effect. The player's actions will adjust the narrative as it unfolds, and reshape it once allowed to travel back in time. Fetch quests and making environmental changes represent the forms of puzzle solving in addition to using branching choices for conversation.
Development of Life Is Strange began in April 2013. It was formed with an episodic format in mind, for reasons both financial and creative. The developers conducted field research on the setting by traveling to the Pacific Northwest, and subverted known archetypes to make the characters. Player feedback influenced the adjustments made to the episodes. Story and character arc serve as the central point in the game.
During its release, Life Is Strange received generally favorable reviews commending the character development, rewind game mechanic, and tackling of taboo subjects. Common criticisms included the slang that was used, poor lip-syncing, and tonal inconsistencies in the story. The game received over 75 Game of the Year awards and listings. It has sold over three million copies as of May 2017. A prequel, Life Is Strange: Before the Storm, was released in August 2017, and a sequel, Life Is Strange 2, in September 2018. An additional installment to the series, Life Is Strange: True Colors, was released in September 2021. A remastered version of the game was released as part of the Life Is Strange Remastered Collection on 1 February 2022.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: N/A
