Titolo: Life Is Strange 2

Anno: 2018

Descrizione: Life Is Strange 2 is an episodic graphic adventure game developed by Dontnod Entertainment and published by Square Enix's European subsidiary. Its five episodes were released between September 2018 and December 2019 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One and later for macOS and Linux. The game is a mainline sequel in the Life Is Strange series, featuring the story of Sean and Daniel, two Hispanic American brothers as they travel along the US West Coast as fugitives from the police after the younger brother discovers his telekinetic abilities. In the game, which is played from a third-person perspective, Sean must make crucial decisions that will lead to different branches in the storyline, while serving as a surrogate parent for Daniel.
Following the unexpected success of the original game, development of the sequel started in 2016 after the team completed the retail edition of the first game. The primary creative team behind the original returned for the sequel. The team chose a road movie structure in contrast to the original game, and was inspired by films and novels like Into the Wild and Of Mice and Men. While the game features supernatural elements, the story is mostly grounded in reality, and the team used the opportunity to explore contemporary social issues such as racism, gun violence, and bigotry. The game was announced in 2017 and Dontnod released a free demo, The Awesome Adventures of Captain Spirit, in 2018 in order to introduce the new setting.
The game received generally positive reviews upon release. Critics praised the story, the relationship between Sean and Daniel, and the choice-based gameplay, while reception of the portrayed political themes was divergent. The sparse episodic release schedule and the dialogue were criticized. It received nominations for multiple year-end accolades. The series' next mainline game, Life Is Strange: True Colors, which was developed by Deck Nine, was released in September 2021 while Dontnod shifted its focus to develop their own intellectual properties.

Genere: Graphic adventure

Valutazione: 76
