Titolo: Mega Man 10

Anno: 2010

Descrizione: Mega Man 10 is an action-platform video game developed by Inti Creates and Capcom. It is the tenth main entry of the original Mega Man series. The game was released as a downloadable title for the console gaming services WiiWare, PlayStation Network (PSN), and Xbox Live Arcade (XBLA) during March 2010. The game was also given a physical release along with four other Capcom titles from different franchises in the Capcom Essentials Pack for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. It was later released again for a physical and digital release as part of Mega Man Legacy Collection 2 alongside Mega Man 7, Mega Man 8 and Mega Man 9 for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows, as well as the Nintendo Switch in May 2018.
Mega Man 10 takes place in the 21st century, in which a disease begins infecting and disabling robots, hampering daily life for humans. The disease eventually causes many of the robots to malfunction and attempt to take over the world. The evil scientist Dr. Wily seeks help from the hero Mega Man. Wily states that a machine he devised, capable of finding a cure for the illness, is stolen by an infected robot. Mega Man decides to retrieve the machine; his brother and ally, Proto Man, decides to join him. Mega Man 10 is a traditional 2D side-scrolling game with action and platforming elements. Taking control of either Mega Man or Proto Man, the player must clear a set of eight stages. Destroying each stage's "Robot Master" boss adds its special weapon to the player's arsenal. Downloadable content (original release) or Unlockable content (Legacy Collection 2), which includes extra stages and Bass as a third playable character, was made available.
Mega Man 10 is a direct follow-up to Mega Man 9, which was released on the same three gaming services in 2008. The positive response from fans and critics prompted Capcom to continue this same style in Mega Man 10. The sequel to the game, Mega Man 11, was released in October 2018.

Genere: Action 

Valutazione: 74
