Titolo: Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance

Anno: 2013

Descrizione: Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance is a 2013 hack and slash game developed by PlatinumGames and published by Konami Digital Entertainment. Released for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Microsoft Windows, it is a spin-off in the Metal Gear series, and is set four years after the events of Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots. In the game, players control Raiden, a cyborg who confronts the private military company Desperado Enforcement, with the gameplay focusing on fighting enemies using a sword and other weapons to perform combos and counterattacks. Through the use of Blade Mode, Raiden can cut cyborgs in slow motion and steal parts stored in their bodies. The series' usual stealth elements are also optional to reduce combat.
The game was originally being developed internally by Kojima Productions, who announced the game in 2009 under the title of Metal Gear Solid: Rising. However, the team met with difficulties in developing a game based on swordplay, so executive producer Hideo Kojima postponed its development until a solution could be found. The project resurfaced in late 2011 under its finalized title, with PlatinumGames as the new developer. The game underwent significant changes in its play mechanics and storyline under PlatinumGames' involvement, although Kojima Productions retained responsibility for the game's overall plot and Raiden's design.
Upon its worldwide release in February 2013, Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance was well-received by critics, being praised for its sophisticated cutting system, its use of Metal Gear elements to complement the story despite the game's focus on action, its soundtrack, and its boss fights; some criticism was directed at its camera and the short length of the story mode. The game also enjoyed positive sales, with the PS3 and Steam versions selling an estimated total of more than 1.2 million copies. While those involved in the game's production have expressed desire to develop a sequel, such prospects have yet to come to fruition due to the ongoing conflicts between Konami and Kojima Productions.

Genere: Hack and slash

Valutazione: 78
