Titolo: Monaco: What's Yours Is Mine

Anno: 2013

Descrizione: Monaco: What's Yours Is Mine (often shortened to Monaco) is a stealth and action video game released in 2013 for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and the Xbox 360, and in 2019 for the Nintendo Switch. All releases of the game were developed and published by Pocketwatch Games, with the exception of the Xbox 360 version, which was published by Majesco Entertainment. The Nintendo Switch edition is titled Monaco: Complete Edition.
The game features both a single-player and cooperative game mode. The former sees the player explore Monaco's storyline, which consists of four acts; the first three follow various characters' recollections of prior experiences and the final act is played from the perspective of the police. Separate from this, Monaco's cooperative mode allows up to four players to partake in heists and robberies in different locations. Players choose one of eight characters, each of which has a unique and beneficial skill.
Development of Monaco began while lead developer Andy Schatz was working for TKO Software prior to when he founded his independent company, Pocketwatch Games. Andy Nguyen—whom Schatz met while he was looking for playtesters—helped with the development of Monaco as a level designer and producer, as well as assisted with the game's promotion. Majesco Entertainment handled the release of the Xbox 360 version after being rejected twice by Microsoft Game Studios, citing marketability concerns. The soundtrack was composed by Austin Wintory. 
Monaco was positively received by reviewers and won two awards at the 2010 Independent Games Festival. Critics praised the cooperative modes highly and held that the single-player gameplay was inferior because of a comparable lack of content. Many comparisons were made between Monaco and other media, most commonly Ocean's 11, a heist film released in 1960. Reviewers appreciated the art style and noted the minimalist design suited the game.

Genere: Stealth 

Valutazione: 82
