Titolo: Neon Genesis Evangelion 2

Anno: 2003

Descrizione: Neon Genesis Evangelion 2 (新世紀エヴァンゲリオン2, lit. "Shinseiki Evangelion 2") is a Japanese video game for the PlayStation 2 developed by Alfa System and published by Bandai. It has role-playing video game and world-controlling elements, and allows the player to follow a number of characters (such as Asuka Langley Soryu, Shinji Ikari, Pen², etc.) through multiple versions of the main plot of the anime Neon Genesis Evangelion. The PlayStation Portable port was released on 2006 as Neon Genesis Evangelion 2 -Another Cases-.
The 24 topics were named in total "Classified Information" (Kimitsu Jouhou). The topics considerably expand upon the back-story: Adam and Lilith are "Seeds of Life," settlers sent to Earth by a "First Ancestral Race," along with the Spears of Longinus. The various Angels seek out the Black Moon of Lilith because they are seeking Lilith, or Adam; and so on. While the information seems to have been based on extensive interviews with Hideaki Anno, creator of the franchise, the canonicity of the information in the game has never been officially stated, as the involvement of the original Gainax staff was limited to the Classified Information material. However, Gainax continuously states that all necessary information has been provided in the series and films.Besides the additional information, Neon Genesis Evangelion 2 also introduced a number of additions like F-type Equipment and the final products of the Jet Alone project (as in some storylines, the eight episode does not end in the cancellation of the Jet Alone project), and includes several "Scenarios", including of comedic value, that disregard canon. Only Scenario 01, one of Shinji's scenarios, follows the series' own storyline relatively closely. The developers also state in a production log that they wanted to create their own "world of Evangelion". This is also expressed in their effort to create an "autonomous" simulation and characters. This allows the player to create numerous scenarios for characters, battles, and relationships.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: N/A
