Titolo: Otome wa Boku ni Koishiteru

Anno: 2018

Descrizione: Otome wa Boku ni Koishiteru (処女はお姉さま (ボク)に恋してる, lit. The Maidens Are Falling in Love with Me), commonly known as Otoboku (おとボク), is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Caramel Box and released on January 28, 2005 playable on Windows PCs. The game was later ported to the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable (PSP) with the adult content removed. The Windows version was released in English by MangaGamer in 2012. The story follows the life of Mizuho Miyanokouji, an androgynous male high school student, who transfers into an all-girls school due to his grandfather's will.
The gameplay in Otoboku follows a branching plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the six female main characters by the player character. The game ranked as the second best-selling PC game sold in Japan for the time of its release, and charted in the national top 50 several more times afterwards. Caramel Box went on to produce two fan discs released in 2005 and 2007 in Caramel Box Yarukibako and Caramel Box Yarukibako 2, respectively. Caramel Box later produced a sequel to Otoboku titled Otome wa Boku ni Koishiteru: Futari no Elder, released on June 30, 2010 playable on Windows PCs. Futari no Elder was ported to the PSP with the adult content removed. The story follows Chihaya Kisakinomiya, an androgynous male, who transfers into the all-girls school that was the setting of Otoboku. A third Otoboku game titled Otome wa Boku ni Koishiteru: Trinkle Stars was released on February 23, 2018 playable on Windows PCs.
A manga adaptation of Otoboku was serialized in ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Daioh, and a manga adaptation of Futari no Elder was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Comp Ace. Comic anthologies, light novels and art books were also published, as were audio dramas and several music albums. A 12-episode Otoboku anime produced by Feel aired in Japanese between October and December 2006, and an extra original video animation (OVA) episode was released in April 2007. Media Blasters licensed the anime and released the series in three DVD volumes. The Otoboku anime was generally panned in reviews at Anime News Network where the series was described as "cruelly unimaginative" with "obnoxious quirks and technical shortcomings". In a review of the anime by Mania Entertainment, the series is thought to be "very predictable and bland". A three-episode OVA adaptation of Futari no Elder produced by Silver Link was released between August and October 2012. An OVA adaptation of Trinkle Stars produced by EXNOA was released in January 2022.

Genere: Non specificato


Valutazione: N/A
