Titolo: Puzzle Pirates

Anno: 2003

Descrizione: Puzzle Pirates (also known as Yohoho! Puzzle Pirates) is a massively multiplayer online game developed by Three Rings Design (Later owned by Grey Havens LLC). The player takes the role of a pirate, adventuring on the high seas and pillaging money ("pieces of eight") from roaming enemy ships (human or computer-controlled). The mechanics of Puzzle Pirates are driven by puzzles. For example, to effectively sail a ship, players must play puzzle games representing work at the sails for speed, pumping bilge water to remove it from the ship, and carpentry to fix any damage the ship may take.
Puzzle Pirates is open-ended and community-driven. Over time, pirates can join a crew, progress in rank within that crew, buy and run sailing vessels and shoppes, and perhaps even become captain of a crew, royalty within a flag (an alliance of crews), or governor of an island. Islands are governed and shoppes are managed exclusively by players. From time to time, players are also called upon to help expand the game, whether it be new puzzles (developed on Game Gardens), island objects to be used on new oceans (servers), or artwork used for a variety of purposes in-game.
Players are encouraged to use pirate-themed words and phrases such as "Yarr!" and "Ahoy there, matey!" instead of "Hi", etc., and the same is done throughout the game; for instance, the tips which appear in the game's News, which is updated regularly, use terms such as "Jackanapes".
As of December 2008, there were 4 million pirates registered to the game.On August 31, 2011, the game was made free-to-play on Steam. Support for an iPad platform was developed and released in 2013. Three Rings later announced the removal of the iPad application and ceased support of the platform in July, 2014.On April 5, 2016, Three Rings Design announced that support for Puzzle Pirates would shift from them to Grey Havens, a company consisting of former Three Rings employees. The servers were unavailable for several hours in the early hours of April 5, 2016 PDT to facilitate the switchover. The servers came back up and the game continued as if nothing had happened.

Genere: MMOG 

Valutazione: 78
