Titolo: Record of Lodoss War: Deedlit in Wonder Labyrinth

Anno: 2021

Descrizione: Record of Lodoss War: Deedlit in Wonder Labyrinth is a 2021 action role-playing video game developed by Team Ladybug and co-published by Playism and Why so serious? (WSS Playground) for Microsoft Windows. Versions for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X and Series S were also released. It is based on Ryo Mizuno's Record of Lodoss War series, taking place before the events of Diadem of the Covenant. Controlling the High Elf Deedlit, who finds herself in a strange interconnected labyrinth filled with her past foes and companions, the game focuses on exploration and searching for items and power-ups in vein of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, fighting bosses and minibosses. During gameplay, the player also locates elemental spirits and swap between each one.
The idea for Lodoss War: Deedlit in Wonder Labyrinth came up when Playism was approached by an editor of the eponymous novels and review the source material. Under supervision of Mizuno, Playism decided to go with the project after seeing that both the material and artwork of Team Ladybug went together. The game is inspired by Symphony of the Night and Ikaruga, while both levels and gameplay were designed to reflect its story concept around exploration. The title was first launched via Steam Early Access in March 2020 prior to the full version and received several updates through 2020 and 2021, which introduced new stages, gameplay adjustments and game modes.
Deedlit in Wonder Labyrinth garnered mixed reception from critics; praise was given to the retro-style visual presentation, sprite-based 2D animations, art direction faithful to the source material, puzzle-based gameplay and styling but criticism was geared towards its short length, low difficulty, linear design, sparse exploration and plot for not honoring the series it is based on, while others felt mixed in regards to the soundtrack and elemental spirit-swapping mechanic. The game reportedly sold 100,000 copies as of April 2021.

Genere: Action role-playing

Valutazione: 78
