Titolo: Romancing SaGa 2

Anno: 1993

Descrizione: Romancing SaGa 2 is a 1993 role-playing video game developed and published by Square for the Super Famicom. It is the fifth entry in the SaGa series. It received an expanded port for Japanese mobile devices from Square Enix in 2011. This version was remastered by ArtePiazza and released worldwide between 2016 and 2017  by Square Enix for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, Android, iOS, Microsoft Windows and Xbox One.
Set during the history of the kingdom of Avalon, the player takes on the role of a dynasty of rulers as they fight the Seven Heroes, former saviors of the world corrupted into demons. Gameplay features nonlinear exploration and expansion of the game world and narrative, with the turn-based battles featuring group formations. As with other SaGa titles, there are no experience points and character attributes and skills are dependent on actions taken in battle. A key mechanic is choosing the next ruler of Avalon, who will inherit the abilities of the previous ruler.
Production began in 1992 after a prolonged concept period during which original staff were working on the Final Fantasy series. Returning staff members including series creator Akitoshi Kawazu as director, lead designer and writer; illustrator Tomomi Kobayashi; and composer Kenji Ito. The delayed start to production allowed Kawazu to rethink the game design, changing the multiple protagonists of Romancing SaGa to focus on a single dynastic line with associated gameplay elements. The remaster, which was initiated by Kawazu, adjusted to remove bugs while preserving the sprite artwork.
Romancing SaGa 2 is the best-selling of the three Romancing SaGa titles, having sold over 1.5 million copies in Japan. Reception of the original version was generally positive, while its worldwide remaster also saw praise from critics for its battle system and inheritance mechanic. The original Japanese release was supplemented by multiple guidebooks and a manga adaptation.



Genere: Role-playing 

Valutazione: 69
