Titolo: The Dark Pictures Anthology: Little Hope

Anno: 2020

Descrizione: The Dark Pictures Anthology: Little Hope, also known simply as Little Hope, is a 2020 interactive drama survival horror video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment. The second instalment in The Dark Pictures Anthology, Little Hope serves as the sequel to the anthology's season premiere, 2019's Man of Medan. Will Poulter stars as the game's leading actor and plays the role of one of the protagonists, named Andrew. Set in the fictional eponymous town, located in Massachusetts, the game follows four college students chaperoned by their professor. After their bus crashes by the area, the group finds themselves trapped within Little Hope by an impenetrable fog. As they explore the deserted town, the characters are pursued by demons whose appearances are reminiscent of the ways in which the townspeople of Little Hope's colonial era died. 
Little Hope contains many decision-making scenes that dictate how the plot will progress and how the characters will develop over time. With these choices, which players make on behalf of the characters, any of the ensemble cast's five playable protagonists can die permanently or survive the night. Quick time events also determine whether a protagonist will live through the very end. To guide players in navigating the story, the game features a set of collectable items called "pictures" that give premonitions of what may happen later in the plot. The developer, Supermassive Games, decided to tackle the topic of witch trials for Little Hope's story and explore the reasons why mass paranoia around witchcraft happened in the first place.
The game was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on 30 October 2020. Supermassive Games put out a sequel, House of Ashes, in October 2021, and the title stars American actress Ashley Tisdale. Little Hope garnered mixed reception from critics, who criticised the game's linearity, plot twist, and choice-and-consequence system. Praise was directed towards Little Hope's multiplayer mode and its newly implemented warnings for quick time events.

Genere: Interactive drama

Valutazione: 69
